data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libapr-1.a                                   apr-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libapr-1.la                                  apr-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libaprutil-1.la                              apr-util-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libaprutil-1.a                               apr-util-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libaprutil-1.so                              apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/apr-util-1.pc                      apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/apr-util/LICENSE                       apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_queue.h                        apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_siphash.h                      apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_memcache.h                     apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_dbd.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_thread_pool.h                  apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_anylock.h                      apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_sdbm.h                         apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apu.h                              apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_uri.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_hooks.h                        apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_reslist.h                      apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apu_want.h                         apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apu_errno.h                        apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_optional.h                     apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_ldap.h                         apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_ldap_init.h                    apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_optional_hooks.h               apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_xlate.h                        apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_rmm.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_buckets.h                      apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_redis.h                        apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_sha1.h                         apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_ldap_rebind.h                  apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_dbm.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_md4.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_md5.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_base64.h                       apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_crypto.h                       apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apu_version.h                      apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_ldap_url.h                     apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_xml.h                          apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_strmatch.h                     apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_date.h                         apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_ldap_option.h                  apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_uuid.h                         apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apu-1-config                                 apr-util
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libapr-1.so                                  apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/apr-1.pc                           apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/apr/LICENSE                            apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/apr-1/build/mkdir.sh                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/apr-1/build/make_exports.awk               apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/apr-1/build/libtool                        apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/apr-1/build/make_var_export.awk            apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/apr-1/build/apr_rules.mk                   apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_thread_rwlock.h                apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_file_info.h                    apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_atomic.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_lib.h                          apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_general.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_encode.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_pools.h                        apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_file_io.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_proc_mutex.h                   apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_poll.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_user.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_shm.h                          apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_global_mutex.h                 apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_perms_set.h                    apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_network_io.h                   apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_escape.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_mmap.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_support.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_random.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_fnmatch.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_cstr.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr.h                              apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_thread_proc.h                  apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_skiplist.h                     apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_env.h                          apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_version.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_thread_cond.h                  apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_allocator.h                    apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_getopt.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_tables.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_want.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_portable.h                     apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_thread_mutex.h                 apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_errno.h                        apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_hash.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_strings.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_signal.h                       apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_time.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_inherit.h                      apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_ring.h                         apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apr-1/apr_dso.h                          apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apr-1-config                                 apr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/apt-ftparchive.1.gz               apt-ftparchive
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt-ftparchive                               apt-ftparchive
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libapt-private.so                            apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libapt-pkg.so                                apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/ssh                              apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/rsh                              apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/http                             apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/gpgv                             apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/copy                             apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/https                            apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/file                             apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/store                            apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/apt/apt-helper                               apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/apt-pkg.pc                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/apt/sources.list                             apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-config.8.gz                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-get.8.gz                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-secure.8.gz                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-cache.8.gz                    apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt.8.gz                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-mark.8.gz                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-key.8.gz                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/sources.list.5.gz                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt_auth.conf.5.gz                apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt_preferences.5.gz              apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt.conf.5.gz                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/apt-transport-http.1.gz           apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/apt-transport-https.1.gz          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/apt-patterns.7.gz                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/apt/LICENSE                            apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apt            apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/algorithms.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/macros.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/prettyprinters.h                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cacheset.h                       apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/packagemanager.h                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/dirstream.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cacheiterators.h                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debmetaindex.h                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debversion.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-item.h                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/mmap.h                           apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgsystem.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/hashes.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/tagfile.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cdromutl.h                       apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefilter-patterns.h           apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/deblistparser.h                  apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/dpkgpm.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/configuration.h                  apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/indexfile.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edspsystem.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cmndline.h                       apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/depcache.h                       apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edsplistparser.h                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debfile.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/aptconfiguration.h               apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edspindexfile.h                  apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/proxy.h                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/clean.h                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cdrom.h                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-method.h                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/arfile.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/orderlist.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/fileutl.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/progress.h                       apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debsystem.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/strutl.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/srcrecords.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/init.h                           apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/versionmatch.h                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgcache.h                       apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefilter.h                    apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgrecords.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debindexfile.h                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefile.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/policy.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/update.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/upgrade.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edsp.h                           apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sourcelist.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/error.h                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/string_view.h                    apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/gpgv.h                           apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/weakptr.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/extracttar.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-worker.h                 apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debsrcrecords.h                  apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/srvrec.h                         apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/netrc.h                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debrecords.h                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/metaindex.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgcachegen.h                    apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/indexcopy.h                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/statechanges.h                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/header-is-private.h              apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/install-progress.h               apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/version.h                        apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt                                          apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt-mark                                     apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt-config                                   apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt-key                                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt-get                                      apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/apt-cache                                    apt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/bash.pc                            bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/rmdir                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/dirname                                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/logname                                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/fdflags                                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/csv                                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/setpgid                                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/head                                    bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/unlink                                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/ln                                      bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/accept                                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/seq                                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/sleep                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/realpath                                bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/print                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/pathchk                                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/loadables.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/basename                                bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/mkdir                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/mkfifo                                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/getconf                                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/dsv                                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/strftime                                bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/push                                    bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/cut                                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/id                                      bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.inc                            bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/tty                                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/truefalse                               bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/printenv                                bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/finfo                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/tee                                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/mypid                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.sample                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/sync                                    bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/rm                                      bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/uname                                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/stat                                    bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/whoami                                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bash/mktemp                                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/bash.bashrc                                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/profile                                      bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bash.1.gz                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/bash.info                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/CHANGES                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/POSIX                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/INTRO                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bash.html                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/NEWS                              bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/RBASH                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/LICENSE                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/COMPAT                            bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/FAQ                               bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bashref.html                      bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/bash/README                            bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/bashintl.h                          bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/execute_cmd.h                       bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/pathnames.h                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/alias.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/conftypes.h                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/syntax.h                            bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/dispose_cmd.h                       bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/assoc.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/make_cmd.h                          bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/unwind_prot.h                       bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/xmalloc.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/shell.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/variables.h                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/bashjmp.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/memalloc.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/typemax.h                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbutil.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/ansi_stdlib.h               bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/shtty.h                     bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/unionwait.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixjmp.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/gettext.h                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixtime.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/ocache.h                    bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/maxpath.h                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixdir.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/stdc.h                      bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/chartypes.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixwait.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/stat-time.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixstat.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbchar.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/filecntl.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/include/systimes.h                  bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/config-top.h                        bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/bashtypes.h                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/siglist.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/builtins.h                          bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/config.h                            bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/bashgetopt.h               bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/common.h                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/getopt.h                   bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/builtext.h                 bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/sig.h                               bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/hashlib.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/command.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/general.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/externs.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/arrayfunc.h                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/error.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/array.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/signames.h                          bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/config-bot.h                        bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/subst.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/quit.h                              bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/y.tab.h                             bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/bashansi.h                          bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/jobs.h                              bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bash/version.h                           bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bash                                         bash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ld.bfd                          binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/elfedit                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ar                              binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/gprof                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/readelf                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/size                            binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ranlib                          binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/ld                              binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/dwp                             binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/addr2line                       binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/objcopy                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/c++filt                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/as                              binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/objdump                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/strings                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/nm                              binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/binutils/strip                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/as.1.gz                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ar.1.gz                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/objdump.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ranlib.1.gz                       binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dlltool.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nm.1.gz                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/addr2line.1.gz                    binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/strip.1.gz                        binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/size.1.gz                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/c++filt.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/strings.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/readelf.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/objcopy.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gprof.1.gz                        binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/elfedit.1.gz                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ld.1.gz                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/as.info                               binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gprof.info                            binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/binutils.info                         binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/ld.info                               binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ld.bfd                                       binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/elfedit                                      binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gprof                                        binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/as                                           binutils-bin
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.la           binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.la              binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.so.0.0.0           binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.la                 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.so.0               binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.so              binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.so.0            binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libsframe.so.0.0.0        binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/bfd-plugins/libdep.so     binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0.0.0     binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf.so                 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.so           binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0         binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libbfd-2.40.so binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libbfd.so binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libopcodes.la binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libopcodes-2.40.so binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libbfd.la binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/lib/libopcodes.so binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/diagnostics.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/plugin-api.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/dis-asm.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/ansidecl.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/symcat.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/bfdlink.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/x86_64-pc-linux-gnu/aarch64-linux-android/include/bfd.h binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-strings.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-addr2line.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-ar.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-elfedit.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-strip.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-dlltool.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-c++filt.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-gprof.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-objdump.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-ld.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-windmc.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-ranlib.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-readelf.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-windres.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-nm.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-as.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-objcopy.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/man/man1/aarch64-linux-android-size.1 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/as.info            binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/gprof.info         binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/ctf-spec.info      binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/binutils.info      binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/bfd.info           binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/sframe-spec.info   binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/share/info/ld.info            binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/sframe-api.h          binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/ctf.h                 binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/sframe.h              binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/include/ctf-api.h             binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-objcopy binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-strip binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-strings binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-elfedit binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-c++filt binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ranlib binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-nm  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-size binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-objdump binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ld.bfd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ld  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-readelf binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-gprof binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ar  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-addr2line binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/bin/aarch64-linux-android-as  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xbn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xswe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xw binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xn binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xr binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xse binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsc binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xde binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdce binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xu binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdwe binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xs binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.x binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ld.bfd binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ar  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/readelf binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ranlib binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/ld  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/objcopy binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/as  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/objdump binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/nm  binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/opt/binutils/cross/aarch64-linux-android/bin/strip binutils-cross
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gold                                         binutils-gold
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ld.gold                                      binutils-gold
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.la                              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsframe.la                                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf.so.0.0.0                              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf.la                                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsframe.a                                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf.so.0                                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xbn             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xce                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xn                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdw                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xswe                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xce                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdc                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xr                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xr                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdwe                       binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xce                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xse                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xde                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.x                           binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsc                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsw                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsce               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xbn                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xd                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xce                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xw               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xc                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xswe                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdc                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xwe              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xu              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xr                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xde             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xd                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xs                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xu                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xswe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xswe                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xde                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xu                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.x                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdce                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xse              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xr                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsw                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xswe               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xn              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xbn                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xu                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xu                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsce                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xbn                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xn                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xe              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xd                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xbn                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsce            binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdc                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.x                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsc              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xd                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdw                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xs                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xw                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xc              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdwe                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xc                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdw                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdc                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xs                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsw                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xde                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xc                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xn                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xse                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xu               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xr                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.x                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xde                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xc                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdce                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdw              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdwe                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xse             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsw                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsw              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xce                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xe                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xswe            binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xbn              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xw                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xe                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsce                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdce                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsce                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdw                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdwe             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xe                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xce             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xsc                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xswe                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdwe                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xu                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xc                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsc                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xs                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xe                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xw                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdce                       binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xw                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xse                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.x                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xwe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsc             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xswe             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsw                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xwe                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xu                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsc                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xc               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xwe                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xce                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xd                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdwe               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xswe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xce                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xr                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdc                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xc                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsw             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xw                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xe                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xbn                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdc                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xw              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xr                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xw                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xwe                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xwe                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xs                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xn                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xn                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.x                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xsc                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xd                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xbn                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsc                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdw                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xbn                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xse                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xr               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xu                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsce             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xde              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xu                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xde                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xw                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xwe             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsw                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdce               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xde                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsc                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xr                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xw                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xbn                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xce                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdc                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdw                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsc                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xsw                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.x                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdc                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsce                       binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdwe                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xe               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xs                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdw             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xce                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xn                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xse                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xwe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdce                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdce                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xs              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xc                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xc                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xn                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xe                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xd                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xwe                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xsw                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xs               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xsce                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xn                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xdw                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xde                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xd                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xde                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdw                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdc             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsce                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xbn                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xu                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xe                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xbn                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xce                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsw                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xsce                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xsc                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xse                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdw                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xdwe                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdc              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xc                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xc                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.x                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xsce                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xwe                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.x                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdwe            binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xde                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xdwe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xswe                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xdc                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xn                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xdw                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xr                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xswe                       binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.x                       binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux.xe                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xd                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xse                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xswe                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xd              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xe                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xwe                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xw                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.x               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xs                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xsw                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xse                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdc                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xdce                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xr                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xw                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xn                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsce                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xn               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linuxb.xse                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xd                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf.xdce                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdce             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xr              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xdwe                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xwe                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xce              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32.xse                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32b.xsc                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xde                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xdce                   binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdce            binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.xu                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelfb.xs                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64linux32b.xs                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xd               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elf32.xdwe                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/armelf.xs                          binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ldscripts/aarch64elfb.x                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libopcodes.a                                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbfd-2.40.so                               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbfd.a                                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsframe.so                                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsframe.so.0                               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsframe.so.0.0.0                           binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbfd.so                                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf.a                                     binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.a                               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libopcodes.la                                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libopcodes-2.40.so                           binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbfd.la                                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libopcodes.so                                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/bfd-plugins/libdep.so                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0.0.0                        binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf.so                                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.so                              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libctf-nobfd.so.0                            binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/ctf-spec.info                         binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/bfd.info                              binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/sframe-spec.info                      binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/binutils-libs/LICENSE                  binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/diagnostics.h                            binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/plugin-api.h                             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sframe-api.h                             binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/dis-asm.h                                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ansidecl.h                               binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ctf.h                                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sframe.h                                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/symcat.h                                 binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bfdlink.h                                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bfd.h                                    binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ctf-api.h                                binutils-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/binutils/.placeholder                      binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-strip                  binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ar                                           binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/readelf                                      binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/size                                         binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ranlib                 binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-nm                     binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-objdump                binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ranlib                                       binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ld                                           binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dwp                                          binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ld                     binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/addr2line                                    binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/objcopy                                      binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/c++filt                                      binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-readelf                binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/objdump                                      binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/strings                                      binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/aarch64-linux-android-ar                     binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nm                                           binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/strip                                        binutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.8.gz                         blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/wipefs.8.gz                       blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/partx.8.gz                        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkid.8.gz                        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkzone.8.gz                      blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsblk.8.gz                        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkdiscard.8.gz                   blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/findfs.8.gz                       blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/swaplabel.8.gz                    blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkswap.8.gz                       blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck           blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkzone        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkswap         blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsblk          blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkdiscard     blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swaplabel      blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/findfs         blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/partx          blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wipefs         blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkid          blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fsck                                         blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/blkzone                                      blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkswap                                       blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lsblk                                        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/blkdiscard                                   blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/swaplabel                                    blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/findfs                                       blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/partx                                        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/wipefs                                       blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/blkid                                        blk-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbrotlidec-static.a                        brotli-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbrotlienc-static.a                        brotli-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbrotlicommon-static.a                     brotli-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbrotlienc.so                              brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbrotlicommon.so                           brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlidec.pc                    brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlienc.pc                    brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlicommon.pc                 brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbrotlidec.so                              brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/decode.h.3.gz                     brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/types.h.3.gz                      brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/constants.h.3.gz                  brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/encode.h.3.gz                     brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/brotli.1.gz                       brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/brotli/LICENSE                         brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/brotli/decode.h                          brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/brotli/types.h                           brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/brotli/encode.h                          brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/brotli/port.h                            brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/brotli                                       brotli
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzcmp.1.gz                        bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzgrep.1.gz                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzless.1.gz                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzmore.1.gz                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzip2.1.gz                        bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzdiff.1.gz                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzcat                                        bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzdiff                                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bunzip2                                      bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzgrep                                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzip2                                        bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzcmp                                        bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzip2recover                                 bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzless                                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/bzmore                                       bzip2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/coreutils/libstdbuf.so                   coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/stdbuf.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/md5sum.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tail.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/shuf.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/coreutils.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/seq.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pathchk.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/kill.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/vdir.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkfifo.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dircolors.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/expr.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/logname.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/head.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/chcon.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/expand.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dd.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nl.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha224sum.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/rm.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha256sum.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/install.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/groups.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sleep.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/factor.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/rmdir.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cksum.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pr.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tac.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/echo.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/chown.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unexpand.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/chroot.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/yes.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cat.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/base32.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwd.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/chmod.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ln.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/id.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/fold.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha384sum.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cut.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirname.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dir.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/true.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha1sum.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sort.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mktemp.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/paste.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/basename.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/csplit.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/fmt.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptx.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/wc.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sum.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/touch.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlink.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/printenv.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sync.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/env.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha512sum.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/shred.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/base64.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/du.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mknod.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nproc.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tr.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/uniq.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/b2sum.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mv.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/join.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/numfmt.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cp.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/timeout.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/basenc.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/false.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/date.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nohup.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/uname.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkdir.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tty.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/realpath.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nice.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/test.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/od.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/chgrp.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tee.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/split.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tsort.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/link.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/whoami.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/truncate.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/runcon.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/printf.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ls.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/stat.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/comm.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/stty.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/readlink.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/coreutils.info                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/coreutils/LICENSE                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/csplit                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uniq                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/rmdir                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sha512sum                                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sha1sum                                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/[                                            coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/du                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dirname                                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nohup                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sort                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cp                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/paste                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/runcon                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/base32                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/logname                                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/install                                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chgrp                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fmt                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/truncate                                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/head                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unlink                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/yes                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pwd                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cksum                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tac                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ln                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sha224sum                                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fold                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sha384sum                                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/echo                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/link                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chroot                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/basenc                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/seq                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/expand                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dir                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/numfmt                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/expr                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sleep                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/true                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/env                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tr                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chown                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/coreutils                                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/timeout                                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/readlink                                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/vdir                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/realpath                                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/comm                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nice                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sha256sum                                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nproc                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/b2sum                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ls                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pathchk                                      coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/md5sum                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nl                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/basename                                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkdir                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkfifo                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/shred                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/od                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/base64                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mv                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/groups                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pr                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cut                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/id                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tsort                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/stty                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unexpand                                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/test                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tty                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chmod                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cat                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/wc                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/kill                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dd                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/join                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/printenv                                     coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tee                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tail                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chcon                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sync                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/shuf                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/touch                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sum                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/date                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/rm                                           coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/false                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/printf                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uname                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/factor                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/stdbuf                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/stat                                         coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/split                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/whoami                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mktemp                                       coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ptx                                          coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mknod                                        coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dircolors                                    coreutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/curl.1.gz                         curl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/curl                                         curl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dash.1.gz                         dash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sh.1.gz                           dash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dash/LICENSE                           dash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dash                                         dash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sh                                           dash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_recover                                   db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_archive                                   db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_load                                      db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_deadlock                                  db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_replicate                                 db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_checkpoint                                db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_upgrade                                   db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_printlog                                  db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_stat                                      db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_hotbackup                                 db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_verify                                    db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_dump                                      db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_convert                                   db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_tuner                                     db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/db_log_verify                                db
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/savelog.8.gz                      debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/run-parts.8.gz                    debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ischroot.1.gz                     debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tempfile.1.gz                     debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/debianutils/LICENSE                    debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ischroot                                     debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tempfile                                     debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/run-parts                                    debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/savelog                                      debianutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdialog.a                                  dialog-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dialog.1.gz                       dialog
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dialog/LICENSE                         dialog
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dialog                                       dialog
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/diff.1.gz                         diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sdiff.1.gz                        diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/diff3.1.gz                        diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cmp.1.gz                          diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/diffutils.info                        diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/diffutils/LICENSE                      diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/diff3                                        diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cmp                                          diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/diff                                         diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sdiff                                        diffutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unix2dos.1.gz                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mac2unix.1.gz                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dos2unix.1.gz                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unix2mac.1.gz                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix/COPYING.txt                   dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/BUGS.txt                dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/COPYING.txt             dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/ChangeLog.txt           dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/README.txt              dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/NEWS.txt                dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/dos2unix.txt            dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/INSTALL.txt             dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/dos2unix.htm            dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dos2unix-7.4.4/TODO.txt                dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unix2dos                                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dos2unix                                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mac2unix                                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unix2mac                                     dos2unix
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/dpkg/dpkg-db-backup                      dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/alternatives/README                          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-libs.m4                       dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-coverage.m4                   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-types.m4                      dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-build.m4                      dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-unicode.m4                    dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-linker.m4                     dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-funcs.m4                      dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-progs.m4                      dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-compiler.m4                   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/dpkg-arch.m4                       dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/start-stop-daemon.8.gz            dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/dpkg-fsys-usrunmess.8.gz          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-query.1.gz                   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-divert.1.gz                  dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-deb.1.gz                     dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-split.1.gz                   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg.1.gz                         dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/update-alternatives.1.gz          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-trigger.1.gz                 dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dpkg-realpath.1.gz                dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/deb-version.7.gz                  dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/README.api                        dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/LICENSE                           dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/README.feature-removal-schedule   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/protected-field.txt          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/triggers.txt                 dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/frontend-api.txt             dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/dpkg/spec/rootless-builds.txt          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/zsh/vendor-completions/_dpkg-parsechangelog dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-realpath                                dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-deb                                     dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-fsys-usrunmess                          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-trigger                                 dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/update-alternatives                          dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-query                                   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-split                                   dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/start-stop-daemon                            dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg                                         dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dpkg-divert                                  dpkg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ed.1.gz                           ed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/red.1.gz                          ed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/ed.info                               ed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/ed/LICENSE                             ed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/red                                          ed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ed                                           ed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/fdisk.8.gz                        fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/cfdisk.8.gz                       fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/sfdisk.8.gz                       fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fdisk          fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sfdisk         fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cfdisk         fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fdisk                                        fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sfdisk                                       fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cfdisk                                       fdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/frcode                                   findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/find.1.gz                         findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xargs.1.gz                        findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/find.info-2                           findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/find.info-1                           findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/find.info                             findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/find-maint.info                       findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/findutils/LICENSE                      findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/find                                         findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xargs                                        findutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.la                             fontconfig-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.a                              fontconfig-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-conflist                                  fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-cache                                     fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-query                                     fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-cat                                       fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-validate                                  fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-pattern                                   fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-match                                     fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-scan                                      fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fc-list                                      fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.so                             fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fontconfig.pc                      fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/90-synthetic.conf               fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-fonts-persian.conf           fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf      fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-generic.conf                 fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/11-lcdfilter-default.conf       fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/40-nonlatin.conf                fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-vera.conf       fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-yes-antialias.conf           fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-latin.conf                   fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-nonlatin.conf                fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/69-unifont.conf                 fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/51-local.conf                   fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/49-sansserif.conf               fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/30-metric-aliases.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/50-user.conf                    fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/45-generic.conf                 fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/48-spacing.conf                 fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/80-delicious.conf               fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/45-latin.conf                   fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-sub-pixel-none.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-hinting-slight.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/README                          fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/fonts.conf                             fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/fonts/fonts.conf.bak                         fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/90-synthetic.conf    fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/35-lang-normalize.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-yes-bitmaps.conf  fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-fonts-persian.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-legacy.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/05-reset-dirs-sample.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-full.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-unhinted.conf     fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/60-generic.conf      fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-default.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/40-nonlatin.conf     fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/20-unhint-small-vera.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-yes-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vbgr.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-rgb.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-no-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/60-latin.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-nonlatin.conf     fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/69-unifont.conf      fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vrgb.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-autohint.conf     fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/51-local.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/49-sansserif.conf    fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-no-bitmaps.conf   fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/30-metric-aliases.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-medium.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/50-user.conf         fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/45-generic.conf      fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-bgr.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/48-spacing.conf      fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-light.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/80-delicious.conf    fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/45-latin.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/25-unhint-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-khmer.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-slight.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/09-autohint-if-no-hinting.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gettext/its/fontconfig.its                 fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gettext/its/fontconfig.loc                 fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/xml/fontconfig/fonts.dtd                   fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/fontconfig/LICENSE                     fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fontconfig.h                  fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fcprivate.h                   fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fcfreetype.h                  fontconfig
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.a                                freetype-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.la                               freetype-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.so                               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/freetype2.pc                       freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/freetype2.m4                       freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/freetype-config.1.gz              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/freetype/LICENSE                       freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlcdfil.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsynth.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fttypes.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/freetype.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsnames.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fttrigon.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcid.h               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcache.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcolor.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftrender.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fterrdef.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbitmap.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgzip.h              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ttnameid.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbbox.h              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftparams.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftglyph.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmm.h                freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgasp.h              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fterrors.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftpfr.h               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftimage.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsizes.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftoption.h     freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/mac-support.h  freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftconfig.h     freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/integer-types.h freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftmodule.h     freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/public-macros.h freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftstdlib.h     freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftheader.h     freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftstroke.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlist.h              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/t1tables.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlogging.h           freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/tttags.h              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftdriver.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbdf.h               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsystem.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlzw.h               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/tttables.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbzip2.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftchapters.h          freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmac.h               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmoderr.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmodapi.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftotval.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftoutln.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgxval.h             freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftfntfmt.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftadvanc.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/otsvg.h               freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftincrem.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftwinfnt.h            freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/freetype2/ft2build.h                     freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/freetype-config                              freetype
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/inplace.a                               gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/readfile.a                              gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/readdir.a                               gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/revoutput.a                             gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/time.a                                  gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/rwarray.a                               gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/fork.a                                  gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/filefuncs.a                             gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/revtwoway.a                             gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/fnmatch.a                               gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/intdiv.a                                gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/ordchr.a                                gawk-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/awk/pwcat                                gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/awk/grcat                                gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/inplace.so                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/rwarray.so                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/revoutput.so                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/fork.so                                 gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/fnmatch.so                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/ordchr.so                               gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/intdiv.so                               gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/readfile.so                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/readdir.so                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/filefuncs.so                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/time.so                                 gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/gawk/revtwoway.so                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/profile.d/gawk.csh                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/profile.d/gawk.sh                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rwarray.3am.gz                    gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/readdir.3am.gz                    gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/time.3am.gz                       gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/readfile.3am.gz                   gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/fnmatch.3am.gz                    gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/revoutput.3am.gz                  gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/fork.3am.gz                       gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ordchr.3am.gz                     gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/filefuncs.3am.gz                  gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/revtwoway.3am.gz                  gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/inplace.3am.gz                    gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pm-gawk.1.gz                      gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gawk.1.gz                         gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gawkbug.1.gz                      gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gawkworkflow.info                     gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gawkinet.info                         gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gawk.info                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/pm-gawk.info                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/round.awk                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/passwd.awk                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/group.awk                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/ftrans.awk                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/zerofile.awk                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/strtonum.awk                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/gettime.awk                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/ord.awk                                gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/ctime.awk                              gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/intdiv0.awk                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/rewind.awk                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/libintl.awk                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/noassign.awk                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/walkarray.awk                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/bits2str.awk                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/readable.awk                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/getopt.awk                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/assert.awk                             gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/processarray.awk                       gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/ns_passwd.awk                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/inplace.awk                            gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/isnumeric.awk                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/cliff_rand.awk                         gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/join.awk                               gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/quicksort.awk                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/have_mpfr.awk                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/shellquote.awk                         gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/awk/readfile.awk                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gawk/LICENSE                           gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gawkapi.h                                gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gawk                                         gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/awk                                          gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gawkbug                                      gawk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.la                            gdbm-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.la                                   gdbm-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.a                             gdbm-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.a                                    gdbm-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.so                                   gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.so                            gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/gdbm.3.gz                         gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbm_load.1.gz                    gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbm_dump.1.gz                    gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbmtool.1.gz                     gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gdbm.info                             gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gdbm/LICENSE                           gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gdbm.h                                   gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ndbm.h                                   gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/dbm.h                                    gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gdbmtool                                     gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gdbm_load                                    gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gdbm_dump                                    gdbm
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gitk.1.gz                         git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/ja.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/ru.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/sv.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/bg.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/hu.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/vi.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/es.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/it.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/fr.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/pt_br.msg                    git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/pt_pt.msg                    git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/zh_cn.msg                    git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/ca.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitk/lib/msgs/de.msg                       git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gitk                                         git-gitk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-gui                         git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-gui--askpass                git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-gui.1.gz                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/line.tcl                       git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/shortcut.tcl                   git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/tools_dlg.tcl                  git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/branch_checkout.tcl            git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/sshkey.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/option.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/database.tcl                   git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/git-gui.ico                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/checkout_op.tcl                git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/error.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/blame.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/date.tcl                       git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/console.tcl                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/about.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/mergetool.tcl                  git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/chord.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/transport.tcl                  git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/tools.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/branch_delete.tcl              git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/class.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/choose_repository.tcl          git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/commit.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/branch.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/remote_branch_delete.tcl       git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/encoding.tcl                   git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/win32.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/index.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/choose_font.tcl                git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/spellcheck.tcl                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/search.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/remote.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/ja.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/ru.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/sv.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/bg.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/nb.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/hu.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/el.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/vi.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/it.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/fr.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/pt_br.msg                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/pt_pt.msg                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/zh_cn.msg                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/msgs/de.msg                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/choose_rev.tcl                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/diff.tcl                       git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/status_bar.tcl                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/themed.tcl                     git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/merge.tcl                      git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/win32_shortcut.js              git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/browser.tcl                    git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/tclIndex                       git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/branch_rename.tcl              git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/remote_add.tcl                 git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/branch_create.tcl              git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-gui/lib/logo.tcl                       git-gui
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-bundle                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-verify-pack                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-replace                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-imap-send                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-pack-redundant              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-hash-object                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-daemon                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-init                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-prune                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-patch-id                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-show-index                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-diff                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-cherry-pick                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-check-ref-format            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-commit-graph                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mktree                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-describe                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-status                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mv                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-unpack-file                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-credential                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-check-mailmap               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-credential-cache            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote-ftps                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-show                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-revert                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-stash                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-difftool                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-rev-parse                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-web--browse                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-notes                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-sparse-checkout             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-show-ref                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-ls-files                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-commit                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-receive-pack                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-archimport                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-read-tree                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-upload-pack                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-resolve               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote-ftp                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-difftool--helper            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-one-file              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-check-attr                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mergetool                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-sh-setup                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-rebase                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-checkout--worker            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-gc                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-sh-i18n--envsubst           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-am                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/scalar                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-apply                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-verify-commit               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote-ext                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-checkout                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote-https                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-subtree                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-show-branch                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-rm                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-count-objects               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-submodule                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-interpret-trailers          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-whatchanged                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-bugreport                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-rerere                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-ls-tree                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-diagnose                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fsck                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-ours                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fetch-pack                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-send-email                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-init-db                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-restore                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-version                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mergetool--lib              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-symbolic-ref                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fmt-merge-msg               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-config                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-subtree               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-diff-index                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote-fd                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-pack-objects                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fsck-objects                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-update-server-info          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-branch                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-remote-http                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-archive                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-checkout-index              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-maintenance                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-sh-i18n                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-base                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-log                         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-get-tar-commit-id           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git                             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-hook                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mailsplit                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-for-each-ref                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-blame                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-clean                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-http-backend                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-credential-store            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-reset                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-tree                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-pull                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-ls-remote                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fsmonitor--daemon           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-name-rev                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-shortlog                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-p4                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-bisect                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-instaweb                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fetch                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fast-import                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-diff-tree                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-index                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-update-index                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-upload-archive              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-push                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-stage                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-verify-tag                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-cherry                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-grep                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-prune-packed                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-submodule--helper           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-for-each-repo               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-range-diff                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-request-pull                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-http-fetch                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-reflog                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-stripspace                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-commit-tree                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-update-ref                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-clone                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-multi-pack-index            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-recursive             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-var                         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-citool                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-diff-files                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-file                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-cvsimport                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-rev-list                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-quiltimport                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-column                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-cvsexportcommit             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-credential-cache--daemon    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-cat-file                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mktag                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-mailinfo                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-send-pack                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-format-patch                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-index-pack                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-repack                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-switch                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-write-tree                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-check-ignore                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-pack-refs                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-add                         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-annotate                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/meld                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/xxdiff               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/smerge               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/diffmerge            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/examdiff             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/nvimdiff             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/kdiff3               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/gvimdiff             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/p4merge              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/opendiff             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/tortoisemerge        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/tkdiff               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/kompare              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/araxis               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/codecompare          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/winmerge             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/guiffy               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/diffuse              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/emerge               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/vimdiff              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/bc                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/ecmerge              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/mergetools/deltawalker          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-worktree                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-help                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-merge-octopus               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-filter-branch               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-unpack-objects              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-tag                         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/git-core/git-fast-export                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/bash_completion.d/git-completion.bash        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/bash_completion.d/git-prompt.sh              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/githooks.5.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitmodules.5.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitprotocol-capabilities.5.gz     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitformat-signature.5.gz          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitmailmap.5.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitattributes.5.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitignore.5.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitweb.conf.5.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitformat-commit-graph.5.gz       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitformat-chunk.5.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitformat-pack.5.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitformat-index.5.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitprotocol-common.5.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitformat-bundle.5.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitprotocol-v2.5.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitprotocol-http.5.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitrepository-layout.5.gz         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/gitprotocol-pack.5.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Git.3pm.gz                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-apply.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-checkout-index.1.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/scalar.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-unpack-objects.1.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-diff-index.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-send-email.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mergetool.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-check-mailmap.1.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mktag.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-reflog.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-merge-one-file.1.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-checkout.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-remote-fd.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-column.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-commit-graph.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-version.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-update-server-info.1.gz       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gitweb.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-stripspace.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-merge.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-send-pack.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-archimport.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-unpack-file.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-range-diff.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-revert.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-maintenance.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-hash-object.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-name-rev.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-log.1.gz                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-stage.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fmt-merge-msg.1.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-request-pull.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-switch.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-rev-list.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-prune-packed.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-clone.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-init.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fsck.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-add.1.gz                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-cvsimport.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-show-ref.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-update-ref.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-cherry-pick.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-diff-tree.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-commit.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-cherry.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-merge-tree.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-pack-redundant.1.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-rev-parse.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-archive.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-commit-tree.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-branch.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-write-tree.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-patch-id.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-rerere.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-upload-archive.1.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-credential-store.1.gz         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-replace.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-for-each-repo.1.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-submodule.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-diff.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-cat-file.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mktree.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-symbolic-ref.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-show-index.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-imap-send.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-show-branch.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-quiltimport.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-difftool.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-cvsexportcommit.1.gz          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-subtree.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-read-tree.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-pack-refs.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mailsplit.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-describe.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-rm.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-verify-commit.1.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-http-backend.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-update-index.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-ls-tree.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-index-pack.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-diagnose.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-remote-ext.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-init-db.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-http-fetch.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-gc.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-interpret-trailers.1.gz       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mailinfo.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-format-patch.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-reset.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fast-export.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-credential-cache.1.gz         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-remote.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-check-attr.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-check-ignore.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-count-objects.1.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-ls-remote.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-check-ref-format.1.gz         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-status.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-citool.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-ls-files.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git.1.gz                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-show.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-merge-file.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-merge-index.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-am.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-grep.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-stash.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-for-each-ref.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-blame.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fast-import.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-sh-i18n.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mv.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-whatchanged.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-p4.1.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-push.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-bugreport.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-merge-base.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-receive-pack.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-sparse-checkout.1.gz          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-http-push.1.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-instaweb.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-mergetool--lib.1.gz           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-multi-pack-index.1.gz         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-sh-i18n--envsubst.1.gz        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-get-tar-commit-id.1.gz        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-pull.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-notes.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-prune.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-tag.1.gz                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-diff-files.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-web--browse.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-rebase.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-worktree.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-pack-objects.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-credential-cache--daemon.1.gz git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-bundle.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-annotate.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-daemon.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-bisect.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-verify-pack.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-clean.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-upload-pack.1.gz              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-sh-setup.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-credential.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-var.1.gz                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-repack.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-hook.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fetch-pack.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fetch.1.gz                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fsck-objects.1.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-filter-branch.1.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-restore.1.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-config.1.gz                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-shortlog.1.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-help.1.gz                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-fsmonitor--daemon.1.gz        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/git-verify-tag.1.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gittutorial-2.7.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gittutorial.7.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitremote-helpers.7.gz            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/giteveryday.7.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitglossary.7.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitfaq.7.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitcore-tutorial.7.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitcvs-migration.7.gz             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitsubmodules.7.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitdiffcore.7.gz                  git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitrevisions.7.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitcredentials.7.gz               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitnamespaces.7.gz                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitworkflows.7.gz                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/gitcli.7.gz                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git.pm                               git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/FromCPAN/Error.pm                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/FromCPAN/Mail/Address.pm             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git/LoadCPAN/Error.pm                git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git/LoadCPAN/Mail/Address.pm         git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git/LoadCPAN.pm                      git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git/IndexInfo.pm                     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git/I18N.pm                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/perl5/Git/Packet.pm                        git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/description             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/info/exclude            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/push-to-checkout.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/pre-commit.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/pre-applypatch.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/commit-msg.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/pre-rebase.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/pre-merge-commit.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/fsmonitor-watchman.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/post-update.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/update.sample     git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/pre-push.sample   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/applypatch-msg.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/git-core/templates/hooks/pre-receive.sample git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitweb/static/gitweb.js                    git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitweb/static/git-logo.png                 git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitweb/static/git-favicon.png              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitweb/static/gitweb.css                   git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gitweb/gitweb.cgi                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/git/LICENSE                            git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/git-receive-pack                             git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/git-upload-pack                              git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/scalar                                       git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/git                                          git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/git-upload-archive                           git
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/gpg-protect-tool                         gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/keyboxd                                  gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/gpg-preset-passphrase                    gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/gpg-auth                                 gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/gpg-pair-tool                            gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/gpg-wks-client                           gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/gpg-check-pattern                        gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/applygnupgdefaults.8.gz           gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/dirmngr.8.gz                      gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/addgnupghome.8.gz                 gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirmngr-client.1.gz               gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-check-pattern.1.gz            gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgconf.1.gz                      gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-connect-agent.1.gz            gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-wks-server.1.gz               gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgsm.1.gz                        gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgtar.1.gz                       gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg.1.gz                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-wks-client.1.gz               gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/watchgnupg.1.gz                   gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgparsemail.1.gz                 gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-card.1.gz                     gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-agent.1.gz                    gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-preset-passphrase.1.gz        gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-2                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info                            gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-1                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-3                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/OpenPGP                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/trustlist.txt           gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/common.conf             gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/scd-event               gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/gpgconf.rnames          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/pwpattern.list          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/qualified.txt           gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/gpgconf.conf            gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/README                  gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/DETAILS                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/HACKING                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/DCO                              gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/LICENSE                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/FAQ                              gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/TRANSLATE                        gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/KEYSERVER                        gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/README                           gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gnupg/sks-keyservers.netCA.pem             gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gnupg/distsigkey.gpg                       gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gnupg/help.txt                             gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/kbxutil                                      gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgconf                                      gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg                                          gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg-connect-agent                            gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/watchgnupg                                   gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgparsemail                                 gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgsplit                                     gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgtar                                       gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg-card                                     gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dirmngr-client                               gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/addgnupghome                                 gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg-agent                                    gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/applygnupgdefaults                           gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgsm                                        gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dirmngr                                      gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg2                                         gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgscm                                       gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg-wks-client                               gnupg
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/psktool                                      gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ocsptool                                     gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gnutls-cli-debug                             gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gnutls-serv                                  gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/certtool                                     gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/danetool                                     gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gnutls-cli                                   gnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgv.1.gz                         gpgv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgv                                         gpgv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/grep.1.gz                         grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/grep.info                             grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/grep/LICENSE                           grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fgrep                                        grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/grep                                         grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/egrep                                        grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zdiff.1.gz                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zcmp.1.gz                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gzexe.1.gz                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/znew.1.gz                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gunzip.1.gz                       gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zforce.1.gz                       gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gzip.1.gz                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zcat.1.gz                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zmore.1.gz                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zgrep.1.gz                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gzip.info                             gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/gzip/LICENSE                           gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gunzip                                       gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gzip                                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zegrep                                       gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zmore                                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gzexe                                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/znew                                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uncompress                                   gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zfgrep                                       gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zgrep                                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zcat                                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zforce                                       gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zdiff                                        gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zcmp                                         gzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/iconv                                        iconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/inetd                                    inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/ftpd                                     inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/tftpd                                    inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/telnetd                                  inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/syslogd                                  inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/tftpd.8.gz                        inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/syslogd.8.gz                      inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/ftpd.8.gz                         inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/inetd.8.gz                        inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/telnetd.8.gz                      inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/hostname.1.gz                     inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tftp.1.gz                         inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/logger.1.gz                       inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ftp.1.gz                          inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/telnet.1.gz                       inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dnsdomainname.1.gz                inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/inetutils.info                        inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/inetutils/LICENSE                      inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/telnet                                       inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ftp                                          inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dnsdomainname                                inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tftp                                         inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/logger                                       inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/hostname                                     inetutils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lesskey.1.gz                      less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/less.1.gz                         less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lessecho.1.gz                     less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/less/LICENSE                           less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lesskey                                      less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/less                                         less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lessecho                                     less
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.a                            libandroid-glob-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.so                           libandroid-glob
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-glob/LICENSE                libandroid-glob
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/glob.h                                   libandroid-glob
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-posix-semaphore.a                 libandroid-posix-semaphore-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-posix-semaphore.so                libandroid-posix-semaphore
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-posix-semaphore/LICENSE     libandroid-posix-semaphore
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-spawn.a                           libandroid-spawn-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-spawn.so                          libandroid-spawn
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-spawn/LICENSE               libandroid-spawn
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/spawn.h                                  libandroid-spawn
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.a                         libandroid-support-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.so                        libandroid-support
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt         libandroid-support
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt.1       libandroid-support
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libassuan.la                                 libassuan-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libassuan.a                                  libassuan-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libassuan.so                                 libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libassuan.pc                       libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/libassuan.m4                       libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/assuan.info                           libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libassuan/LICENSE                      libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/assuan.h                                 libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/libassuan-config                             libassuan
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libblkid.so                                  libblkid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/blkid.pc                           libblkid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libblkid.3.gz                     libblkid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/blkid/blkid.h                            libblkid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0                                libbz2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0.8                              libbz2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so                                    libbz2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libbz2/LICENSE                         libbz2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/bzlib.h                                  libbz2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libc++_shared.so                             libc++
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libc++/LICENSE                         libc++
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.a                            libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.a                                  libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.la                           libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.la                                 libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.so                           libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.so                                 libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcap-ng.pc                       libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/cap-ng.m4                          libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/pscap.8.gz                        libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/filecap.8.gz                      libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/captest.8.gz                      libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/netcap.8.gz                       libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_restore_state.3.gz          libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_fill.3.gz                   libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_set_rootid.3.gz             libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_have_capabilities.3.gz      libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_caps_fd.3.gz            libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_print_caps_numeric.3.gz     libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_apply_caps_fd.3.gz          libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_lock.3.gz                   libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_updatev.3.gz                libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_capability_to_name.3.gz     libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_rootid.3.gz             libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_apply.3.gz                  libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_caps_process.3.gz       libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_have_capability.3.gz        libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_name_to_capability.3.gz     libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_save_state.3.gz             libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_clear.3.gz                  libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_setpid.3.gz                 libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_update.3.gz                 libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_print_caps_text.3.gz        libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_change_id.3.gz              libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man7/libdrop_ambient.7.gz              libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libcap-ng/LICENSE                      libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/cap-ng.h                                 libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pscap                                        libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/netcap                                       libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/captest                                      libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/filecap                                      libcap-ng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcrypt.so                                  libcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libcrypt/LICENSE                       libcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/crypt.h                                  libcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurl.a                                    libcurl-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurl.la                                   libcurl-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurl.so                                   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcurl.pc                         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/libcurl.m4                         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SSL_VERIFYRESULT.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_ISSUERCERT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_TYPE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_EFFECTIVE_URL.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_SERVER_CSEQ.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FILETIME_T.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RANGE.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NEW_FILE_PERMS.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_setopt.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_WEIGHT.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_HOST_CONNECTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYAUTH.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOW_SPEED_TIME.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket_all.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_PASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_recv.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_COOKIELIST.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_SESSION_ID.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADEROPT.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REQUEST_SIZE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREREQFUNCTION.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_RCPT_ALLLOWFAILS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREREQDATA.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_SERVER_CSEQ.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KEEP_SENDING_ON_ERROR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_data_cb.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_SSL_CCC.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEY.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIEJAR.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REDIR_PROTOCOLS_STR.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXLIFETIME_CONN.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_ACCOUNT.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP200ALIASES.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAPATH.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UNIX_SOCKET_PATH.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CLOSESOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_LOCAL_IP6.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERTTYPE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket_action.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RANDOM_FILE.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_by_id.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROTOCOL.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPSV.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_EFFECTIVE_METHOD.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_SERVERS.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SASL_IR.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_UNSHARE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_init.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_USE_GLOBAL_CACHE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_AWS_SIGV4.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLVERSION.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERT.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_STARTTRANSFER_TIME.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_OPENSOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_FROM_UTF8_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_getdate.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_INTERFACE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_set.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKOPTDATA.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_version_info.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_PASSWORD.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KEYDATA.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WRITEFUNCTION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_DOWNLOAD.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KRBLEVEL.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVER_START_DATA.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_init.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_STARTTRANSFER_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_escape.3.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIVATE.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HEADER_SIZE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_pause.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STDERR.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXYAUTH_AVAIL.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url.3.gz                     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_USERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_strequal.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLENGINE_DEFAULT.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOPROXY.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XFERINFODATA.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PASSWORD.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_TIMERDATA.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_READFUNCTION.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_filedata.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_ENABLE_ALPN.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_PUBLIC_KEYFILE.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FORBID_REUSE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_ISSUERCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PUT.3.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NETRC.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_FROM.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYUSERNAME.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAPATH.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOSIGNAL.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERNAME.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_STREAM_URI.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TELNETOPTIONS.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEYTYPE.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REQUEST_TARGET.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ERRORBUFFER.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-security.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_filename.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NUM_CONNECTS.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPGET.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTQUOTE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KNOWNHOSTS.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAX_SEND_SPEED_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CRLF.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLS13_CIPHERS.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_duphandle.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTS.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_PINNEDPUBLICKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSWRITEDATA.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FNMATCH_FUNCTION.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ACCEPTTIMEOUT_MS.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_info_read.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_init.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_NODELAY.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIEFILE.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CERTINFO.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_TO_NETWORK_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_FROM_NETWORK_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_addpart.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_COMPRESSION.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SSL_ENGINES.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_ACTIVESOCKET.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UNRESTRICTED_AUTH.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMECONDITION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPINTVL.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXREDIRS.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_AUTH_TYPES.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING_SERVER_BL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYPORT.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ALTSVC_CTRL.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECT_ONLY.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XFERINFOFUNCTION.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPROXYPROTOCOL.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formget.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_strnequal.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_APPEND.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ISSUERCERT_BLOB.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_ALTERNATIVE_TO_USER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_init.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_UPLOAD_T.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADERDATA.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_strerror.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_fdset.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CAPATH.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DISALLOW_USERNAME_IN_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTPSSLAUTH.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAINFO_BLOB.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYHEADER.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROGRESSDATA.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TLS_SESSION.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WS_OPTIONS.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_type.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONNECT_TIME_T.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ABSTRACT_UNIX_SOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPLOAD_BUFFERSIZE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_URL.3.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSWRITEFUNCTION.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_BUFFERSIZE.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRAILERFUNCTION.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PRIVATE.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MIME_OPTIONS.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LASTSOCKET.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKOPTFUNCTION.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_perform.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CA_CACHE_TIMEOUT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_free.3.gz                    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mprintf.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_wait.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERPWD.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPPROXYTUNNEL.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_unescape.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PATH_AS_IS.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PINNEDPUBLICKEY.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_CLIENT_CSEQ.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_cleanup.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXFILESIZE_LARGE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERT_BLOB.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DIRLISTONLY.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_nextheader.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WRITEDATA.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_SHUFFLE_ADDRESSES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_CHUNK_LENGTH_PENALTY_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYSTATUS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REFERER.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_CACHE_TIMEOUT.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ISSUERCERT.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXAGE_CONN.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_assign.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CLOSESOCKETDATA.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PORT.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_TIMERFUNCTION.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_UPLOAD.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_OPENSOCKETDATA.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_CLIENT_CSEQ.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_AUTH.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_escape.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRETRANSFER_TIME.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAX_RECV_SPEED_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CERTINFO.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_AUTOREFERER.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FRESH_CONNECT.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYTYPE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CRLFILE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_CSEQ_RECV.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_END_FUNCTION.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INFILESIZE.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_GSSAPI_SERVICE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYRESULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl.3.gz                      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_ENABLE_NPN.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PIPEWAIT.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPRT.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_PIPELINE_LENGTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_SKIP_PASV_IP.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_slist_append.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROGRESSFUNCTION.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_poll.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERTTYPE.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEY_BLOB.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPLOAD.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SHARE.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIESESSION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOST_PUBLIC_KEY_SHA256.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_getenv.3.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_next.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_LOCAL_IP4.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FAILONERROR.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_LOCKFUNC.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPPY_EYEBALLS_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_COUNT.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WILDCARDMATCH.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CTX_FUNCTION.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_add_handle.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TFTP_BLKSIZE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formfree.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_send.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOW_SPEED_LIMIT.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SEEKDATA.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIE.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLVERSION.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_init.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_cleanup.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTS_CTRL.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVE.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_KEYPASSWD.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEY.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SUPPRESS_CONNECT_HEADERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERFACE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ACCEPT_ENCODING.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_QUOTE.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_name.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FILETIME.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_URL.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_PRET.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAINFO.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERT_BLOB.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_by_name.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CRLFILE.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOPROGRESS.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IOCTLDATA.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOCALPORTRANGE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRAILERDATA.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_remove_handle.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-env.3.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAINFO_BLOB.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_SESSIONID_CACHE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEBUGDATA.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SCHEME.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXY_ERROR.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formadd.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYUSERPWD.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSIZE_LARGE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_FALSESTART.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERLEAVEFUNCTION.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVICE_NAME.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_reset.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FNMATCH_DATA.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NETRC_FILE.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_cleanup.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_READDATA.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_EXPECT_100_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADER.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REFERER.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REDIR_PROTOCOLS.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSREADFUNCTION.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTPPORT.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_UNLOCKFUNC.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_DOWNLOAD.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SERVICE_NAME.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_SOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MIMEPOST.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TOTAL_TIME_T.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KEYFUNCTION.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_sslset.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPAUTH.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_AUTH.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_DEPENDS_E.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RESPONSE_CODE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRETRANSFER_TIME_T.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_send.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_dup.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INFILESIZE_LARGE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_header.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXFILESIZE.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_wakeup.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERT.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_TYPE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KEYPASSWD.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_CONCURRENT_STREAMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_setopt.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_getinfo.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_meta.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LOCAL_PORT.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PRE_PROXY.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NAMELOOKUP_TIME.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-errors.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_TRANSPORT.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPPOST.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_EGDSOCKET.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_perform.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-share.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSIZE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POST.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_data.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVER_RESPONSE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEYTYPE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_TIME.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TFTP_NO_OPTIONS.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-thread.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SEEKFUNCTION.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEVALUE_LARGE.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_init_mem.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_TYPE.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEY_BLOB.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_cleanup.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_FILEMETHOD.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_VERSION.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_REQUEST.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_DEPENDS.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_CONTENT_LENGTH_PENALTY_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOBODY.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADERFUNCTION.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLENGINE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_free.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_strerror.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_get.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRANSFER_ENCODING.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAXCONNECTS.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXCONNECTS.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSREADDATA.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_timeout.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_recv.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTP_VERSION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERLEAVEDATA.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NEW_DIRECTORY_PERMS.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESUME_FROM_LARGE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAINFO.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_APPCONNECT_TIME.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XOAUTH2_BEARER.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_subparts.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IOCTLFUNCTION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CTX_DATA.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USE_SSL.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_VERBOSE.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPIDLE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_OPTIONS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_TIME_T.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_EC_CURVES.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-multi.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_setopt.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING_SITE_BL.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECT_TO.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_cleanup.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYPASSWORD.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_UPLOAD_T.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_URL.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_strerror.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_version.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CAINFO.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERAGENT.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SASL_AUTHZID.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-symbols.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_upkeep.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROTOCOLS_STR.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_TOTAL_CONNECTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TOTAL_TIME.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIELIST.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_SOCKETDATA.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_TRANSFER_DECODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_OS_ERRNO.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_unescape.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-tutorial.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTPAUTH_AVAIL.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOST_PUBLIC_KEY_MD5.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TRANSFER_MODE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_GSSAPI_NEC.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTREDIR.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NAMELOOKUP_TIME_T.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOCALPORT.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-easy.3.gz                 libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_BGN_FUNCTION.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IPRESOLVE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTP_CONNECTCODE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_APPCONNECT_TIME_T.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FILETIME.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYSTATUS.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_PRIVATE_KEYFILE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ALTSVC.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_FASTOPEN.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONDITION_UNMET.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT_MS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CURLU.3.gz                libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROTOCOLS.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PUSHFUNCTION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEOUT.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TLS_SSL_PTR.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FOLLOWLOCATION.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLS13_CIPHERS.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PUSHDATA.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_strerror.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_DATA.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FTP_ENTRY_PATH.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREQUOTE.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_OPTIONS.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_headers.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_encoder.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRANSFERTEXT.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_USERDATA.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IGNORE_CONTENT_LENGTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_UPLOAD.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_RCPT.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIMARY_PORT.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEVALUE.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COPYPOSTFIELDS.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPKEEP_INTERVAL_MS.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONNECT_TIME.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEBUGFUNCTION.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-url.3.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_SHARE.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_USERNAME.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVER_START_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RETRY_AFTER.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_SESSION_ID.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_slist_free_all.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIMARY_IP.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPALIVE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_CREATE_MISSING_DIRS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESUME_FROM.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ADDRESS_SCOPE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP09_ALLOWED.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_CONTENT_DECODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOGIN_OPTIONS.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LOCAL_IP.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/curl-config.1.gz                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libcurl/LICENSE                        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/multi.h                             libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/mprintf.h                           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/system.h                            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/header.h                            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/urlapi.h                            libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/options.h                           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/stdcheaders.h                       libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/websockets.h                        libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/curlver.h                           libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/typecheck-gcc.h                     libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/easy.h                              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curl/curl.h                              libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/curl-config                                  libcurl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx.a                                  libdb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.1.la                            libdb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb.a                                      libdb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.1.la                                libdb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.1.a                             libdb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.1.a                                 libdb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx.so                                 libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb.so                                     libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.1.so                                libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.so                              libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb_cxx-18.1.so                            libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libdb-18.so                                  libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libdb/LICENSE                          libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/db_185.h                                 libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/db.h                                     libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/db_cxx.h                                 libdb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent_pthreads.so                         libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent_extra-2.1.so                        libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent_pthreads-2.1.so                     libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent_core-2.1.so                         libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent-2.1.so                              libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventConfig.cmake          libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventConfigVersion.cmake   libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventTargets-shared-release.cmake libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventTargets-shared.cmake  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent_extra.so                            libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent_core.so                             libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libevent.so                                  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_pthreads.pc               libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_core.pc                   libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_extra.pc                  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent.pc                        libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libevent/LICENSE                       libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/evhttp.h                                 libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/event-config.h                    libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/buffer_compat.h                   libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/dns_compat.h                      libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/event_struct.h                    libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/event_compat.h                    libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/visibility.h                      libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/dns_struct.h                      libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/rpc_struct.h                      libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/tag.h                             libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/http_compat.h                     libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/util.h                            libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/keyvalq_struct.h                  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/listener.h                        libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent_struct.h              libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/http_struct.h                     libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/tag_compat.h                      libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/rpc.h                             libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/thread.h                          libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent_compat.h              libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/buffer.h                          libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/event.h                           libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/dns.h                             libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/http.h                            libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/rpc_compat.h                      libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent.h                     libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/evutil.h                                 libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/evrpc.h                                  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/evdns.h                                  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/event.h                                  libevent
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libexpat.a                                   libexpat-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libexpat.la                                  libexpat-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat.cmake                libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat-config-version.cmake libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat-noconfig.cmake       libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.5.0/expat-config.cmake         libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libexpat.so                                  libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/expat.pc                           libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/expat/AUTHORS                          libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/expat/changelog                        libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libexpat/LICENSE                       libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/expat_external.h                         libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/expat.h                                  libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/expat_config.h                           libexpat
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.so                                  libfdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fdisk.pc                           libfdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libfdisk/libfdisk.h                      libfdisk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libffi.a                                     libffi-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libffi.la                                    libffi-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libffi.pc                          libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libffi.so                                    libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi.3.gz                          libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_prep_cif_var.3.gz             libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_prep_cif.3.gz                 libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_call.3.gz                     libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/libffi.info                           libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libffi/LICENSE                         libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ffitarget.h                              libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ffi.h                                    libffi
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.a                                  libgcrypt-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.la                                 libgcrypt-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.so                                 libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libgcrypt.pc                       libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/libgcrypt.m4                       libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/hmac256.1.gz                      libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gcrypt.info-2                         libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gcrypt.info-1                         libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gcrypt.info                           libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgcrypt/COPYING                      libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgcrypt/COPYING.LIB                  libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgcrypt/LICENSES                     libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gcrypt.h                                 libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/libgcrypt-config                             libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dumpsexp                                     libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/hmac256                                      libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mpicalc                                      libgcrypt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.a                                   libgmp-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgmp.la                                    libgmp-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.la                                  libgmp-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgmp.a                                     libgmp-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgmp.so                                    libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.so                                  libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmp.pc                             libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmpxx.pc                           libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-2                            libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info                              libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-1                            libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgmp/LICENSE                         libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gmp.h                                    libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gmpxx.h                                  libgmp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.la                               libgnutls-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.la                                 libgnutls-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.a                             libgnutls-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.a                                  libgnutls-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.la                            libgnutls-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.a                                libgnutls-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.so                               libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.so                            libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.so                                 libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gnutls-dane.pc                     libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gnutls.pc                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgnutls/LICENSE.1                    libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgnutls/LICENSE                      libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/abstract.h                        libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs11.h                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/urls.h                            libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/ocsp.h                            libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs7.h                           libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/compat.h                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/openpgp.h                         libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs12.h                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/gnutls.h                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/dtls.h                            libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/x509-ext.h                        libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/gnutlsxx.h                        libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/dane.h                            libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/crypto.h                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/socket.h                          libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/tpm.h                             libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/system-keys.h                     libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/x509.h                            libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnutls/self-test.h                       libgnutls
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgpg-error.a                               libgpg-error-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgpg-error.la                              libgpg-error-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libgpg-error.so                              libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gpg-error.pc                       libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/gpg-error.m4                       libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/gpgrt.m4                           libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgrt-config.1.gz                 libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-error-config.1.gz             libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/gpgrt.info                            libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libgpg-error/LICENSE                   libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/libgpg-error/errorref.txt                  libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gpgrt.h                                  libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gpg-error.h                              libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg-error-config                             libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpg-error                                    libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/yat2m                                        libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/gpgrt-config                                 libgpg-error
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcharset.la                                libiconv-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libiconv.a                                   libiconv-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libiconv.la                                  libiconv-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcharset.a                                 libiconv-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libiconv.so                                  libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcharset.so                                libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconvctl.3.gz                     libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv.3.gz                        libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open.3.gz                   libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_close.3.gz                  libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open_into.3.gz              libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/iconv.1.gz                        libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/LICENSE.1                     libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/LICENSE                       libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/iconvctl.3.html                        libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open_into.3.html                 libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open.3.html                      libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.3.html                           libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.1.html                           libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_close.3.html                     libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/iconv.h                                  libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libcharset.h                             libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/localcharset.h                           libiconv
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libidn2.la                                   libidn2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libidn2.a                                    libidn2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libidn2.so                                   libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libidn2.pc                         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_lookup_ul.3.gz               libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_lz.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8zlz.3.gz         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_check_version.3.gz           libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_strerror_name.3.gz           libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4i.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_strerror.3.gz                libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_44i.3.gz          libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_4z4z.3.gz         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8z8z.3.gz         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4i2.3.gz            libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_lzlz.3.gz         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_register_u8.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_register_ul.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_free.3.gz                    libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8z4z.3.gz         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4z.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_8z.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_lookup_u8.3.gz               libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/idn2.1.gz                         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/libidn2.info                          libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/LICENSE.1                      libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/LICENSE.2                      libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/LICENSE                        libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/idn2.h                                   libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/idn2                                         libidn2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libksba.la                                   libksba-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libksba.a                                    libksba-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libksba.so                                   libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ksba.pc                            libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/ksba.m4                            libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/ksba.info                             libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libksba/LICENSE.1                      libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libksba/LICENSE.2                      libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libksba/LICENSE                        libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ksba.h                                   libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ksba-config                                  libksba
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/liblz4.so                                    liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4Targets-release.cmake           liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4Config.cmake                    liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4Targets.cmake                   liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/lz4/lz4ConfigVersion.cmake             liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/liblz4.pc                          liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/liblz4/LICENSE                         liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lz4hc.h                                  liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lz4frame.h                               liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lz4.h                                    liblz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/liblzma.a                                    liblzma-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/liblzma.la                                   liblzma-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so                                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/liblzma.pc                         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so.5.4.3                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so.5                                 liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.GPLv2                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.GPLv3                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.LGPLv2.1               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/xz-file-format.txt                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING.GPLv2                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/faq.txt                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/03_compress_custom.c       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/01_compress_easy.c         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/00_README.txt              liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/Makefile                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/04_compress_easy_mt.c      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/02_decompress.c            liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/history.txt                         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/NEWS                                liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/AUTHORS                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples_old/xz_pipe_comp.c         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples_old/xz_pipe_decomp.c       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__block.html          liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/sync_off.png                    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__filter.html         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/delta_8h.html                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/doxygen.svg                     liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/block_8h.html                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__mt.html             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/vli_8h.html                     liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_a.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/doxygen.css                     liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/files.html                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__stream__flags.html  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/index_8h.html                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/base_8h.html                    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/functions.html                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/closed.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__options__delta.html liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_type.html               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/lzma12_8h.html                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/lzma_8h.html                    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/docd.png                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_enum.html               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_b.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tabs.css                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/doc.png                         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bc_s.png                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals.html                    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/dir_b17a1d403082bd69a703ed987cf158fb.html liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_hd.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_eval.html               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/open.png                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/sync_on.png                     liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/splitbard.png                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/stream__flags_8h.html           liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_defs.html               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_g.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_sd.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/index__hash_8h.html             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_bd.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_f.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__index__iter.html    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bc_sd.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/splitbar.png                    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/filter_8h.html                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/folderopen.png                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/classes.html                    liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__options__lzma.html  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__stream.html         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__options__bcj.html   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_s.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_fd.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/nav_h.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/index.html                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bcj_8h.html                     liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/annotated.html                  liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/functions_vars.html             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/hardware_8h.html                liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/folderclosed.png                liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/structlzma__allocator.html      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/version_8h.html                 liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_hd.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_h.png                       liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/bdwn.png                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/tab_ad.png                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/container_8h.html               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/globals_func.html               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/api/check_8h.html                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/lzma-file-format.txt                liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/THANKS                              liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/TODO                                liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xz/README                              liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma.h                                   liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/delta.h                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/block.h                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/container.h                         liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/lzma12.h                            liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/vli.h                               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/index_hash.h                        liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/stream_flags.h                      liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/bcj.h                               liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/filter.h                            liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/index.h                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/hardware.h                          liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/check.h                             liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/base.h                              liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/lzma/version.h                           liblzma
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmd.a                                      libmd-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmd.la                                     libmd-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmd.so                                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libmd.pc                           libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Final.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Final.3.gz                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Init.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/md2.3.gz                          libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Update.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Transform.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Transform.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Data.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1FileChunk.3.gz                libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Final.3.gz                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Init.3.gz                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160File.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2FileChunk.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Update.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384FileChunk.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5File.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Transform.3.gz                libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2End.3.gz                       libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256File.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/md4.3.gz                          libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256End.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Update.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Transform.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Data.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160FileChunk.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Init.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Transform.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4File.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Transform.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/sha1.3.gz                         libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Pad.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Final.3.gz                  libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Data.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Data.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rmd160.3.gz                       libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160End.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5End.3.gz                       libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384File.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Pad.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Pad.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2File.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5FileChunk.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Init.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Init.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512FileChunk.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Data.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4End.3.gz                       libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/md5.3.gz                          libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512End.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Init.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256FileChunk.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Pad.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1File.3.gz                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Pad.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Update.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512File.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Update.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA512Data.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Init.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4FileChunk.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/sha2.3.gz                         libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Update.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD2Final.3.gz                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD5Pad.3.gz                       libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Transform.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Data.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384End.3.gz                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Update.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Init.3.gz                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1Data.3.gz                     libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Update.3.gz                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MD4Pad.3.gz                       libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Final.3.gz                  libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RMD160Transform.3.gz              libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA384Final.3.gz                  libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA1End.3.gz                      libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SHA256Final.3.gz                  libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libmd/COPYING                          libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/rmd160.h                                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/md2.h                                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sha1.h                                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/md5.h                                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ripemd.h                                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sha512.h                                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sha2.h                                   libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sha.h                                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/md4.h                                    libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sha256.h                                 libmd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmount.so                                  libmount
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/mount.pc                           libmount
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libmount/libmount.h                      libmount
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.la                                   libmpfr-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.a                                    libmpfr-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.so                                   libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/mpfr.pc                            libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/mpfr.info                             libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/ReadMe                   libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/divworst.c               libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/version.c                libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/can_round.c              libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/rndo-add.c               libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/threads.c                libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/sample.c                 libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/NEWS                              libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/AUTHORS                           libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/BUGS                              libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/COPYING.LESSER                    libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/COPYING                           libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/FAQ.html                          libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/TODO                              libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libmpfr/LICENSE                        libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/mpf2mpfr.h                               libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/mpfr.h                                   libmpfr
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnettle.a                                  libnettle-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.a                                 libnettle-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so                                 libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so                                libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so.8                               libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so.6.6                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so.8.6                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/nettle.pc                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hogweed.pc                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so.6                              libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/nettle.info                           libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libnettle/LICENSE.1                    libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libnettle/LICENSE                      libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/macros.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/dsa.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/nettle-meta.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/base16.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/knuth-lfib.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/poly1305.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/camellia.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/gosthash94.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/hkdf.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/gcm.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/md2.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/ecc-curve.h                       libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/ecc.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/memxor.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/salsa20.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/blowfish.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/eax.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/gostdsa.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/cfb.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/sha1.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/base64.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/curve448.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/md5.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/des.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/arctwo.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/curve25519.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/hmac.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/nist-keywrap.h                    libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/asn1.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/pss-mgf1.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/arcfour.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/cbc.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/pbkdf2.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/xts.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/cmac.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/ccm.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/cast128.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/sm3.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/umac.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/sexp.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/ecdsa.h                           libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/siv-cmac.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/twofish.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/pgp.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/sha2.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/aes.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/chacha-poly1305.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/nettle-types.h                    libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/bignum.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/realloc.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/sha.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/rsa.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/yarrow.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/md4.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/md5-compat.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/pss.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/ctr.h                             libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/sha3.h                            libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/pkcs1.h                           libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/streebog.h                        libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/memops.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/dsa-compat.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/buffer.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/eddsa.h                           libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/chacha.h                          libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/ripemd160.h                       libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/serpent.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nettle/version.h                         libnettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.la                                libnghttp2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.a                                 libnghttp2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.so                                libnghttp2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libnghttp2.pc                      libnghttp2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libnghttp2/LICENSE                     libnghttp2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nghttp2/README.rst                     libnghttp2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2ver.h                     libnghttp2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2.h                        libnghttp2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnpth.la                                   libnpth-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnpth.a                                    libnpth-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libnpth.so                                   libnpth
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/npth.m4                            libnpth
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libnpth/LICENSE                        libnpth
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/npth.h                                   libnpth
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/npth-config                                  libnpth
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpng16.la                                  libpng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpng.la                                    libpng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpng.a                                     libpng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpng16.a                                   libpng-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpng.so                                    libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpng16.so                                  libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpng.pc                          libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpng16.pc                        libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/png.5.gz                          libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libpngpf.3.gz                     libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libpng.3.gz                       libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libpng/LICENSE                         libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/pnglibconf.h                             libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/pngconf.h                                libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libpng16/pnglibconf.h                    libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libpng16/pngconf.h                       libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libpng16/png.h                           libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/png.h                                    libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/libpng-config                                libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/libpng16-config                              libpng
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.so                              libsmartcols
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/smartcols.pc                       libsmartcols
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libsmartcols/libsmartcols.h              libsmartcols
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.la                                libsqlite-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.a                                 libsqlite-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.so                                libsqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/sqlite3.pc                         libsqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libsqlite/LICENSE                      libsqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sqlite3.h                                libsqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/sqlite3ext.h                             libsqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libssh2.a                                    libssh2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libssh2.la                                   libssh2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libssh2.so                                   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssh2.pc                         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_handle_extended_data2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_handshake.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_receive_window_adjust2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_hostbased_fromfile_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_last_error.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_get_identity_path.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_trace_sethandler.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_init.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_last_error.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_timeout.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_init.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_block_directions.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_authenticated.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_addc.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_keyboard_interactive.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rename_ex.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_init_ex.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_add_ex.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_disconnect.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_cancel.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_free.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_symlink_ex.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_set_identity_path.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_disconnect_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_poll_channel_read.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_ignore_extended_data.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_read_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_flag.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_close_handle.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_init.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_init.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_lstat.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_remove_ex.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_accept.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_close.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_closedir.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read_ex.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_write.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_banner_get.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_seek64.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_free.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rewind.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_list_fetch.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rmdir.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_receive_window_adjust.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_free.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_hostbased_fromfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_keyboard_interactive_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write_ex.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_readline.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_stat_ex.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_abstract.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_fromfile_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_hostkey.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_methods.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_get_identity.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_seek.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read_stderr.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_fromfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_shell.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_list.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_setstat.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_get_exit_signal.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_password_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_mkdir.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_read.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_version.3.gz              libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_del.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rmdir_ex.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_symlink.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_close.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_unlink.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_unlink_ex.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_timeout.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_add.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_list_free.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_add.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_open_ex.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_startup.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_shutdown.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_password.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_exit.3.gz                 libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_handle_extended_data.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_keepalive_send.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush_ex.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_realpath.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_write.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_trace.3.gz                libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_callback_set.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_send_eof.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_subsystem.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_x11_req.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_list_identities.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_recv2.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_get_channel.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_mkdir_ex.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send64.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fsync.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_tell64.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_init.3.gz                 libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstat.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_eof.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_checkp.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_get.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_base64_decode.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_size_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_x11_req_ex.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_recv.3.gz             libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_write_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_disconnect.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readdir.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_method_pref.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_tcpip.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_set_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_poll.3.gz                 libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_shutdown.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_init.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_tcpip_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_writefile.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_writeline.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_setenv.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send.3.gz             libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstat_ex.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readlink.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_setenv_ex.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_open_session.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_readfile.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open_ex.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_banner_set.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_check.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_keepalive_config.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_size.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_exec.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_tell.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstatvfs.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_stat.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_statvfs.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_opendir.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_wait_eof.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_free.3.gz                 libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rename.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_wait_closed.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send_ex.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_banner_set.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_process_startup.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_connect.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_remove.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_listen.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_last_errno.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_hostkey_hash.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_read.3.gz            libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fsetstat.3.gz        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_userauth.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_supported_algs.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_free.3.gz           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_get_exit_status.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_frommemory.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libssh2/LICENSE                        libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libssh2_sftp.h                           libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libssh2_publickey.h                      libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libssh2.h                                libssh2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.a                                  libtalloc-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.so                                 libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.so.2                               libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtalloc.so.2.4.0                           libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/talloc.pc                          libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/talloc.3.gz                       libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libtalloc/LICENSE                      libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/talloc.h                                 libtalloc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtirpc.la                                  libtirpc-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtirpc.a                                   libtirpc-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtirpc.so                                  libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libtirpc.pc                        libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/netconfig                                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/bindresvport.blacklist                       libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/netconfig.5.gz                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc.3t.gz                         libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_create.3t.gz              libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_xdr.3t.gz                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_calls.3t.gz               libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_clnt_create.3t.gz             libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_err.3t.gz                 libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_clnt_calls.3t.gz              libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getrpcport.3t.gz                  libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpcbind.3t.gz                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getrpcent.3t.gz                   libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_clnt_auth.3t.gz               libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bindresvport.3t.gz                libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnetpath.3t.gz                  libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/des_crypt.3t.gz                   libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_svc_reg.3t.gz                 libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_secure.3t.gz                  libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rpc_soc.3t.gz                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/rtime.3t.gz                       libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnetconfig.3t.gz                libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libtirpc/LICENSE                       libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpcsvc/crypt.x                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpcsvc/crypt.h                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/netconfig.h                        libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/auth_des.h                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpc_msg.h                      libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/key_prot.h                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcb_prot.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcent.h                       libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/des_crypt.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/auth.h                         libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/types.h                        libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/des.h                          libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/nettype.h                      libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/clnt.h                         libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc.h                          libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcb_prot.x                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_dg.h                       libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/xdr.h                          libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpc_com.h                      libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_soc.h                      libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_mt.h                       libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpcb_clnt.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/pmap_prot.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/svc_auth.h                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/pmap_rmt.h                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/clnt_soc.h                     libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/rpc.h                          libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/clnt_stat.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/pmap_clnt.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/raw.h                          libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tirpc/rpc/auth_unix.h                    libtirpc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libunistring.la                              libunistring-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libunistring.a                               libunistring-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libunistring.so                              libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/libunistring.info                     libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/LICENSE.1                 libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_10.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_19.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_8.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_20.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_18.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_12.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_21.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_3.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_1.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/LICENSE                   libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_15.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_4.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_2.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_5.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_6.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_9.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_13.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_11.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_16.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_17.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_abt.html     libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_14.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_7.html       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_22.html      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_toc.html     libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unicase.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unictype.h                               libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/uninorm.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/uniwbrk.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unilbrk.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unitypes.h                               libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistdio.h                               libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/uniwidth.h                               libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistr.h                                 libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/uniname.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/cdefs.h                        libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/stdint.h                       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/localcharset.h                 libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/inline.h                       libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/iconveh.h                      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/woe32dll.h                     libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/stdbool.h                      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unistring/version.h                      libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unigbrk.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/uniconv.h                                libunistring
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libusb-1.0.la                                libusb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libusb-1.0.a                                 libusb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libusb-1.0.so                                libusb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libusb-1.0.pc                      libusb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libusb/LICENSE                         libusb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libusb-1.0/libusb.h                      libusb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libuuid.so                                   libuuid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/uuid.pc                            libuuid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/uuid/uuid.h                              libuuid
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11.la                                    libx11-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11.a                                     libx11-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.a                                 libx11-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.la                                libx11-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11.so.6                                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11.so                                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.so                                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/x11-xcb.pc                         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/x11.pc                             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/XCompose.5.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/Compose.5.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetDatabase.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlayKey.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChar2b.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchBuffer.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyBehaviors.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestCursor.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetTransientForHint.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFontPath.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangePointerControl.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxLC.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetCommand.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenNumberOfScreen.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyOC.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbQueryExtension.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMIconName.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmMergeDatabases.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListExtensions.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAScreen.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsPFKey.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeysymToKeycode.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureRequestEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLoadQueryFont.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPointerMapping.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetSelectionOwner.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEmptyRegion.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMNormalHints.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSelectEvents.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XErrorEvent.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayString.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ClientWhitePointOfCCC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTimeCoord.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetAfterFunction.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontsOfFontSet.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbForceBell.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReparentWindow.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAActionSetCtrls.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClearWindow.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternAtom.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxLC.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutLineResource.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetCommand.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetSlowKeysDelay.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenOM.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorState.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStringToKeysym.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuv.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIfEvent.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMinL.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsLookupColor.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetForeground.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMName.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIconName.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabServer.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateSimpleWindow.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryBlue.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreBuffer.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetIgnoreLockMods.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetSearchList.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateEvent.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListHosts.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLookupKeySym.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionEvent.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIconifyWindow.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeColormap.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DoesSaveUnders.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIconSizes.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOutOfRangeGroupInfo.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTextExtents16.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxV.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetSearchResource.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAPtrDfltValue.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/BlackPixelOfScreen.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomKeyAlias.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetGeometry.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectSetVMods.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeShapeBounds.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetKeyboardControl.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPointInRegion.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetKeyboardMapping.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowColormap.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRotateBuffers.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyTypesForCoreSymbols.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbDeviceBellEvent.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsCursorKey.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbTranslateKeyCode.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExtendedMaxRequestSize.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetOMValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/HeightMMOfScreen.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocControls.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeySyms.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeKeyboard.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsFreeCCC.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckWindowEvent.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawText.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawImageString.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyExplicitComponents.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocWMHints.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ProtocolRevision.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8SetWMProperties.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocKeyboard.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisualIDFromVisual.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMaxRequestSize.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomRow.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetOCValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetClassHint.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToQuarkList.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawLine.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorderPixmap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWMHints.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyWindowEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetICFocus.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeNames.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDashes.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomSectionDoodads.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxL.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddSymInterpret.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbActionCtrls.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindowsDown.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGravityEvent.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClearArea.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayOfIM.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNoOp.3.gz                        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsMiscFunctionKey.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextListToTextProperty.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateOC.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeyboardControl.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomPoints.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAutoRepeatOff.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbPtrActionX.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSizeHints.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetStickyKeysOptions.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDeviceInfo.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToBindingQuarkList.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckTypedEvent.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLockDisplay.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteControlsChanges.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseOM.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetGraphicsExposure.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfIM.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawString16.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteContext.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGenericEventCookie.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddDeviceLedInfo.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardControl.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetVirtualMods.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapRequestEvent.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDirectionalDependentDrawing.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowAttributes.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisibilityEvent.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWithdrawWindow.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomSections.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnloadFont.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ProtocolVersion.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUniqueContext.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcLookupString.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbUpdateMapFromCore.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGCValues.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMaskEvent.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CellsOfScreen.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFindOverlayForKey.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupWidth.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteIndicatorChanges.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateFontCursor.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDeviceButtonActions.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymEntry.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEventsQueued.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XContextualDrawing.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAutoRepeatRate.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbSetWMProperties.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabPointer.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawString.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTile.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQPutStringResource.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCreateCCC.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMHints.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMoveResizeWindow.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeSectionBounds.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeActivePointerGrab.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ConnectionNumber.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8ResetIC.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindowsUp.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetTextProperty.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XModifierKeymap.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryPointer.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlays.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ServerVendor.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetStringDatabase.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapPad.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontNames.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSegment.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToQuark.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetUpdatedMap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreNamedColor.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteDeviceChanges.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColorCells.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddHosts.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextPerCharExtents.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateFontSet.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeEventData.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocNamedColor.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMSizeHints.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWriteBitmapFile.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeControls.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOutlines.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLoadFont.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmap.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmLocaleOfDatabase.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/EventMaskOfScreen.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCompose.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReadBitmapFileData.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFilterEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConvertSelection.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedIndicator.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseDisplay.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKillClient.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListPixmapFormats.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetPtrActionX.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPermStringToQuark.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsPrivateKeypadKey.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabKey.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenDisplay.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetWhiteAdjustProc.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmapCursor.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyImage.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetInputFocus.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRotateWindowProperties.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbCopyKeyTypes.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPointerControl.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextListToTextProperty.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyIC.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetRGBColormaps.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureEvent.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeDeviceInfo.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectInput.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryRed.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenResourceString.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutFileDatabase.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClipBox.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapWindow.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceLedInfo.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayName.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQuarkToString.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapBitOrder.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetErrorDatabaseText.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayMotionBufferSize.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReparentEvent.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreePixmap.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFillStyle.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCCCOfColormap.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeCursor.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeyType.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyType.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAutoRepeatOn.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsModifierKey.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocDeviceInfo.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MinCmapsOfScreen.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultDepthOfScreen.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextListToTextProperty.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfFontSet.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabServer.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyTypeIndex.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfOM.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetFileDatabase.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddHost.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomShapes.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawImageString.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetErrorHandler.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeCompatMap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeIndicatorMaps.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextExtents.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbVirtualModsToReal.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeControls.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetEventData.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeGC.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInitImage.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbIgnoreExtension.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultDepth.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmUniqueQuark.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetRegion.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIEXYZ.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCrossingEvent.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultScreen.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextExtents.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEvent.3.gz                       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillRectangle.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetModifierMapping.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVaCreateNestedList.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClassHint.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetMap.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsConvertColors.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreBytes.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAnyEvent.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabPointer.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmParseCommand.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReconfigureWMWindow.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetXCBConnection.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeycodeToKeysym.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIExyY.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSubImage.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawText.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultRootWindow.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RootWindow.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XHostAddress.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextProperty.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmCombineFileDatabase.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsFunctionKey.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDebuggingFlags.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNamedDeviceIndicator.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMName.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSubtractRegion.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateRequestEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTextExtents.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabButton.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeysymToString.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeometry.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateRegion.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAccessXTimeout.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorChanges.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetArcMode.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyColormapAndFree.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLockGroup.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryGreen.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAutoRepeatRate.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/AllPlanes.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetModifierMapping.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillRectangles.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultGCOfScreen.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetIndicatorMap.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnregisterIMInstantiateCallback.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeometry.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchBytes.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextEscapement.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSync.3.gz                        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsColor.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELab.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNoExposeEvent.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRectangle.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllowEvents.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryColors.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeMap.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeProperty.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLowerWindow.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapWindow.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MaxCmapsOfScreen.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTranslateCoordinates.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextExtents.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNextEvent.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawPoints.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbPtrActionY.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayKeycodes.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsKeypadKey.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIOErrorHandler.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWMGeometry.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFindContext.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateGlyphCursor.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayHeight.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTree.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedDeviceIndicator.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFont.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XButtonEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListDepths.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapSubwindows.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPeekEvent.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutImage.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeStringList.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbModActionVMods.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabKey.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColor.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeColors.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGContextFromGC.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetResource.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMClientMachine.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultColormapOfScreen.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListInstalledColormaps.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternalConnectionNumbers.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/WhitePixelOfScreen.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetPtrDfltValue.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExposeEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawRectangle.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeExtensionList.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetInputFocus.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetICValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIconSize.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConvertCase.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMHints.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeEnabledControls.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RootWindowOfScreen.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontSetExtents.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsAllocNamedColor.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroySubwindows.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDetectableAutoRepeat.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbListComponents.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetCompatMap.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontInfo.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetScreen.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomKeys.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFontPath.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultVisual.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMotionEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutStringResource.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayCells.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddToSaveSet.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestTile.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomProperties.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPeekIfEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawSegments.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseIM.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabButton.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnionRegion.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClassHint.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XParseGeometry.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapEvent.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontPath.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeymapEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIconSizes.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFontProperty.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSubImage.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOutOfRangeGroupNumber.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocCompatMap.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResizeWindow.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XXorRegion.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetMotionEvents.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAutoResetControls.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextPropertyToTextList.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyArea.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmDestroyDatabase.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/VendorRelease.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupColor.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextPerCharExtents.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNameChanges.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetCompatMap.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateWindow.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlayRow.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontStruct.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlayRows.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlay.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetGeometry.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMappingEvent.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyPlane.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetWhitePoint.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyGC.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisableAccessControl.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetControls.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetControls.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIMOfIC.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExtentsOfFontSet.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeyActions.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFont.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XArc.3.gz                         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XColor.3.gz                       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsRGB.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomColor.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRaiseWindow.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPixmapFormatValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomDoodads.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyActions.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetStipple.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxL.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryColor.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextPerCharExtents.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardMapping.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapEvent.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlayKeys.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultVisualOfScreen.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureWindow.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPixel.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomColors.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XParseColor.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeShapeTop.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextExtents.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XActivateScreenSaver.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbBellEvent.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClientMessageEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextWidth16.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomProperty.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextItem16.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsStoreColors.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XColormapEvent.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGraphicsExposeEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenIM.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShrinkRegion.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyVirtualModMap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFlush.3.gz                       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsPad.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryKeymap.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlayKeys.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayWidth.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupString.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/WidthMMOfScreen.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRectInRegion.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawText16.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNames.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultColormap.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmInitialize.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenWhitePointOfCCC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocNames.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XProcessInternalConnection.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetState.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVSamples.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetErrorText.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomKeyAliases.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcFreeStringList.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetControlsChanges.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryExtension.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTextProperty.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateColormap.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbInitCanonicalKeyTypes.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextPropertyToTextList.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyboardByName.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeModifiermap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayPlanes.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowChanges.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8LookupString.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/WidthOfScreen.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLockModifiers.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetPlaneMask.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeysymToModifiers.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRegisterIMInstantiateCallback.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetRGBColormaps.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetAccessControl.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetXlibControls.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumGroups.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomRows.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcResetIC.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeClientMap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultScreenOfDisplay.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetLocaleModifiers.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLookupKeyBinding.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateBitmapFromData.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DoesBackingStore.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenCount.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyboard.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDefineCursor.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInitThreads.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetEventQueueOwner.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextEscapement.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillArcs.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextPropertyToTextList.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInsertModifiermapEntry.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawRectangles.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckIfEvent.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipOrigin.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsAllocColor.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreColor.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMoveWindow.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocIconSize.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBackground.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMIconName.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawString.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/BlackPixel.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetGroup.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/NextRequest.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetCCCOfColormap.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUndefineCursor.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMNormalHints.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbBell.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestStipple.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextExtents16.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyWindow.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetBackground.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/LastKnownRequestProcessed.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLatchGroup.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawString.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCharStruct.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateWindowEvent.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateIC.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorderWidth.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowAttributes.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInstallColormap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipRectangles.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontProp.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawImageString.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenNumberOfCCC.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRestackWindows.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetOMValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapRaised.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeycodeToKeysym.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColorPlanes.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomKeyAliases.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupInfo.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawText.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocClientMap.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFree.3.gz                        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabKeyboard.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyAction.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateGC.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFocusChangeEvent.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListFonts.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryColors.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyRegion.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutBackEvent.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchName.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetPointerMapping.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNamedIndicator.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWindowAttributes.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveConnectionWatch.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUninstallColormap.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapSubwindows.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckTypedWindowEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeGC.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocClassHint.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPending.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceInfo.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPropertyEvent.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetAtomName.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmCombineDatabase.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsRGBi.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextItem.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawText.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XForceScreenSaver.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawString.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutResource.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyTypes.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbDeviceBell.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMProtocols.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextEscapement.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocStandardColormap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetSubwindowMode.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionClearEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIntersectRegion.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMProperties.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomPoints.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeNames.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/HeightOfScreen.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPoint.3.gz                       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomProps.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQPutResource.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomColors.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeTypesOfKey.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeSaveSet.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectVMods.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetMap.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternAtoms.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckMaskEvent.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOutline.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetLineAttributes.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetServerInternalMods.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIconName.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIMValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnlockDisplay.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipMask.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNewModifiermap.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontSet.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisualInfo.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListFontsWithInfo.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSynchronize.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWindowProperty.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLibraryVersion.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLatchModifiers.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAutoResetControls.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetBounceKeysDelay.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetGCValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomKeys.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetAtomNames.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomDoodad.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetScreenSaver.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteModifiermapEntry.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResourceManagerString.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbTranslateKeySym.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocIndicatorMaps.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymsPtr.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorMap.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmEnumerateDatabase.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomRows.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ImageByteOrder.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceButtonActions.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayWidthMM.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapUnit.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbCopyKeyType.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsStoreColor.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeyEvent.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetXlibControls.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomKey.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmOptionKind.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmOptionDescRec.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumActions.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupKeysym.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultGC.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/QLength.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetOCValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFunction.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillArc.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocDeviceLedInfo.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReadBitmapFile.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOutlines.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextPropertyToStringList.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEqualRegion.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextWidth.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOMOfOC.3.gz                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestSize.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetResource.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionRequestEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeComponentList.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawArcs.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlays.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbForceDeviceBell.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XContextDependentDrawing.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSelectEventDetails.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRebindKeysym.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenOfDisplay.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutPixel.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyActionsPtr.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResetScreenSaver.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTSOrigin.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetVisualInfo.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMColormapWindows.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateImage.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayOfCCC.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyActionEntry.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetModActionVMods.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSaveContext.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectVModsMask.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStandardColormap.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomSections.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVC.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVC.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsDefaultCCC.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryFont.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWarpPointer.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbApplyCompatMapToKey.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbResetIC.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawImageString16.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIEuvY.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomSection.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeySyms.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryBlack.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedGeometry.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddPixel.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmValue.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMatchVisualInfo.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnsetICFocus.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawLines.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEnableAccessControl.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeServerMap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmSetDatabase.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceInfoChanges.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomShape.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyModifierMap.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetCloseDownMode.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFillRule.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAccessXTimeout.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetScreenSaver.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeIndicators.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomDoodads.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMinV.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayOfScreen.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveHost.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayHeightMM.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindows.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResizeRequestEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetICValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIMValues.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetBounceKeysDelay.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSupportsLocale.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnionRectWithRegion.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/VisualOfCCC.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetImage.3.gz                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PlanesOfScreen.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbLookupString.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillPolygon.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeDeviceInfo.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawImageString.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryColor.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocServerMap.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveHosts.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNames.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupsWidth.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDefaultString.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomShapes.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreName.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumSyms.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSelectionOwner.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeRowBounds.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetState.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOffsetRegion.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabKeyboard.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAGroup.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectSetVModsMask.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetPtrActionY.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawPoint.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawArc.3.gz                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPolygonRegion.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorder.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymsOffset.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryWhite.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSendEvent.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteProperty.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/WhitePixel.3.gz                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOpenDisplay.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveFromSaveSet.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRecolorCursor.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyHasActions.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddConnectionWatch.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMinL.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMSizeHints.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreColors.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListProperties.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteNameChanges.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlayRows.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayOfOM.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XBell.3.gz                        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/XErrorDB                               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/XLC_LOCALE               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/Compose                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/XI18N_OBJS               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/XLC_LOCALE      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/Compose         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/XI18N_OBJS      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/XLC_LOCALE                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/Compose                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/XI18N_OBJS                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/XLC_LOCALE                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/Compose                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/XI18N_OBJS                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/XLC_LOCALE              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/Compose                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/XI18N_OBJS              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/XLC_LOCALE               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/Compose                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/XI18N_OBJS               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/XLC_LOCALE              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/Compose                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/XI18N_OBJS              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/XLC_LOCALE               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/Compose                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/XI18N_OBJS               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/XLC_LOCALE         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/Compose            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/XI18N_OBJS         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/XLC_LOCALE        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/Compose           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/XI18N_OBJS        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/compose.dir                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/XLC_LOCALE               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/Compose                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/XI18N_OBJS               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/XLC_LOCALE                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/Compose                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/XI18N_OBJS                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/locale.dir                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/XLC_LOCALE                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/Compose                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/XI18N_OBJS                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/XLC_LOCALE                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/Compose                      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/XI18N_OBJS                   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/locale.alias                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/XLC_LOCALE                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/Compose                       libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/XI18N_OBJS                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/Compose             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/XLC_LOCALE           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/Compose              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/XI18N_OBJS           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/X11/Xcms.txt                               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/dynamicflow.svg             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/staticflow.svg              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/eventflow.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/sampleprotocolflow1.svg     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/xim.xml                     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/sampleprotocolflow2.svg     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/staticflowsampleseq.svg     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/dynamicflowsampleseq.svg    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/trans/trans.xml            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-10.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/C.xml              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.big5hkscs.xml libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-1.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-6.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1255.xml libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.big5.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.SJIS.xml        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-13.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iscii-dev.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.gb18030.xml  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/pt_PT.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/armscii-8.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja_JP.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-9e.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.xml          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/georgian-ps.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/nokhchi-1.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/vi_VN.tcvn.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/cs_CZ.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-15.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/th_TH.xml          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/km_KH.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/el_GR.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/am_ET.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/sr_RS.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/pt_BR.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1251.xml libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-2.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ko_KR.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/fi_FI.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/isiri-3342.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.xml             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-11.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/georgian-academy.xml libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-14.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ko.xml             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/vi_VN.viscii.xml   libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-u.xml         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-9.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-c.xml         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.xml          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/libX11-keys.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ru_RU.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/th_TH.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-8.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.JIS.xml         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/mulelao-1.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-7.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ibm-cp1133.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/tatar-cyr.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/tscii-0.xml        libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1256.xml libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-r.xml         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-4.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/en_US.UTF-8.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.big5.xml     libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-3.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-5.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.gbk.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/framework/framework.xml    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/framework/framework.svg    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/localedb/localedb.xml      libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH14.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH16.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH11.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH08.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH09.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/libX11.xml               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/credits.xml              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH01.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppA.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/glossary.xml             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH04.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH06.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH07.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppD.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH05.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH15.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH03.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH13.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppB.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH12.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH10.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH02.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppC.xml                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch13.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch19.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-10.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch10.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-18.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch20.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-5.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch04.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-20.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch11.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch17.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch03.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-14.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-13.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch06.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-9.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-7.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch02.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-19.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/glossary.xml                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-1.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch08.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch01.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-21.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch09.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-3.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-11.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-15.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-16.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch22.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-12.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-17.svg               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/xkblib.xml                  libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-4.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch05.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-6.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch07.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch21.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch18.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch16.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch15.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-8.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/acknowledgement.xml         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch14.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch12.xml                    libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-2.svg                libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libx11/COPYING                         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/XKBlib.h                             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xresource.h                          libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xlib.h                               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xlib-xcb.h                           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xregion.h                            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/ImUtil.h                             libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/cursorfont.h                         libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/XlibConf.h                           libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xlibint.h                            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKBgeom.h                 libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xlocale.h                            libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xutil.h                              libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xcms.h                               libx11
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXau.la                                    libxau-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXau.a                                     libxau-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXau.so                                    libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xau.pc                             libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauLockAuth.3.gz                  libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauWriteAuth.3.gz                 libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauGetBestAuthByAddr.3.gz         libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauGetAuthByAddr.3.gz             libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauReadAuth.3.gz                  libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauDisposeAuth.3.gz               libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauFileName.3.gz                  libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xau.3.gz                          libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauUnlockAuth.3.gz                libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxau/LICENSE                         libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xauth.h                              libxau
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.la                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.la                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.a                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.la                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.la                                 libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.la                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.a                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.la                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.a                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.la                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb.a                                     libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.la                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.a                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.a                            libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.la                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.a                                 libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb.la                                    libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.la                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.la                            libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.la                           libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.a                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.a                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.a                                 libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.a                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.a                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.a                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.a                           libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.a                                 libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.a                                 libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.a                                  libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.a                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.a                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.a                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.la                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.la                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.la                               libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.la                            libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.la                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.la                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.a                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.la                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.a                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.la                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.a                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.la                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.la                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.la                                libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.a                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.so                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.so                            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.so                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.so                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.so                          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.so                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb.so                                    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.so                           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.so                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.so                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.so                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.so                            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.so                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.so                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.so                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.so                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.so                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.so                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xf86dri.pc                     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xfixes.pc                      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb.pc                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-shape.pc                       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-damage.pc                      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-present.pc                     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-screensaver.pc                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-render.pc                      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dri3.pc                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xv.pc                          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xkb.pc                         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dri2.pc                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-randr.pc                       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xtest.pc                       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-res.pc                         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xinerama.pc                    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-sync.pc                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-shm.pc                         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-glx.pc                         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-record.pc                      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dpms.pc                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xinput.pc                      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-composite.pc                   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xvmc.pc                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.so                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.so                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.so                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.so                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.so                                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.so                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_textures.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell.3.gz                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_colormap_and_free.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_replies.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_screen_change_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_reference_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_property_notify_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_counter.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_point.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pbuffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keycodes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_graphics_exposure_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_reply.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_glx_pixmap.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_convert_selection_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_video.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_ids_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_client_disconnect_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storei.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_map.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_select_input.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_select_input.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_notify_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_put_document_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_request_event_t.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_clip_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_redirect_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_conical_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_clip_rectangles.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_hierarchy_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pbuffer.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_register_clients_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_device_info_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_client_disconnect_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_colormap.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_2arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_set_drm_device_in_use.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_subpicture.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_bell.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_resize_request_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_video_notify_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_control.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_keyboard_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_gc_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_queries_arb.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_attribs_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_save_set_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data_end.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_subtract_region.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_detach_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_operation.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_suspend.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_pad_1.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_unset_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_lists.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_segment.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_select_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_screen_saver_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_arb.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_rectangle.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_client_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_cursor_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_copy_context.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_printers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_named_indicator.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_transform_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_latch_lock_state.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_pixmap_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_names_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_rehash_printer_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_fill_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_unchecked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_expand_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_key_press_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_16.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_pixmap.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_unchecked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_geometries_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_picture.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_server_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_attributes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_create_region_from_border_clip_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_notify_event_t.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_new_context.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_allow_device_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_subtract.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_create_drawable.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_copy_region.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_feedback_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_events_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_ids_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_selection_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_8.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_delete_pointer_barrier.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_gamma.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_intercepted_clients_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_indicator_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_feedback_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_dont_propagate_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_hosts_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_rectangles.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_lists_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_monitor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_monitor.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_gc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_geometries_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_new_list_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_enable_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_keyboard.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start_reply.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_alarm.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_output_source.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_counter.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_screens_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_reply.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_set_drm_device_in_use_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_attributes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_allow_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data_end.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_force_level.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_set_timeouts_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_set_port_attribute.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_gc_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_button_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_window.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_input_focus_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_fence.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_key.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_unregister_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_copy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_filters_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_map_notify_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_counter_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_swap_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_leds_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_key_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_allow_device_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_put_document_data_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open_reply.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_input_focus.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_uninstall_colormap.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_operation_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_use_x_font.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_key.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_pixmap.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_image.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_line_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_barrier_release_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_controls_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open_unchecked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_destroy_mode.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_access_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_textures_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyphs.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_buffer_swap_complete_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_indicator_map.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_subtract_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_font_path_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_offset_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_alarm.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_destroy_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_fake_input.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_compat_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_area.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_radial_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyphs_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_path_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_reset_fence.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_close_down_mode.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_select_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_complete_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data_end.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_reply.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_hide_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_linear_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_traps.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_indicator_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_fence.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_clip_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_close_connection_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_offload_sink_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_names.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_cursor.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_end_list_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_glx_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_gc.3.gz                  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keymaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_gl.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_focus.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_still_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_expand_region.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_priority_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_8.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_subtract_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_close_device.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end_reply.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_16.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_size_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_strip.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_button.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_region.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_select_events.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_gamma_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_keymap_notify_event_t.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_swap_buffers.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_output_primary_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_key_mapping_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_add.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_glyph_set.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_segment_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_window_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_stop_video.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_destroy.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_allow_events_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_window.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_still.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_hierarchy.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_fence.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_controls_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_visibility_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_selections_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_fill_poly.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_union_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_masks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_create_context.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_destroy_drawable.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_flush_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_cursor_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_by_name_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_gc_checked.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_reply.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_create_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_cursor_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_counters_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_port_notify.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data_end.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_motion_notify_event_t.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_reply.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_key_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_selections_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pad_3.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_disable_context.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_plane_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param_reply.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_gravity_notify_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_property_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_reference_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_name_window_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_invert_region.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_union_region.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_notify_msc.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_cursor_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom_reply.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_notify_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_job.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_set_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_pointer_control.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_delete_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_fan.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_bell_checked.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_2arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_image_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_create.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_close_font.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_invert_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_client_info.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_action_message_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_bell_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_window_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_property_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_names_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_8.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_radial_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_delete_property_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_compat_map.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_focus_in_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list_reply.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_feedback_buffer.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_fake_input_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_pointer_barrier.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_solid_fill.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_hosts.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_add_output_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyph_set.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_gesture_swipe_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_rehash_printer_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_bitmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_clear_area.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_ungrab_port.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_allow_events.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_page.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_combine.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_map.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_32.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_changed_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_window.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_access_x_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_barrier_hit_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_window.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_queries_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_unregister_clients_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pbuffer_clobber_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_filter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_compat_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_enter_notify_event_t.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_alarm_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_reply.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_grab_control.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list_unchecked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_reply.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_force_level_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_path_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_generic_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffer.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell_checked.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data_end.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_window_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_ungrab_device.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_large.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_cursor_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_select_extension_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_items.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_extension_device_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_enter_event_t.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_x.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_hide_cursor.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_mapping_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_add_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_uninstall_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_property_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_notify_event_t.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_put_image.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_ungrab_port_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_put_image_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_select_input.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_symbols_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_window.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_key_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_use_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_window_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb-examples.3.gz                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_presence_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_subwindows.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_selection_owner_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_named_color_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_counter.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_notify_event_t.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_glyph_cursor.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colormap_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_pixmap.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_key_checked.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_release_overlay_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_unchecked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_change_drawable_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_recolor_cursor_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_strip_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_send_event.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_video_notify.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_free_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_close_font_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start_unchecked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_end_list.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send_reply.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_put_image.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_rotate_properties.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_fan_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_hosts_length.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_select_buffer.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_button.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_gl_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_interval_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_expose_event_t.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_priority.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_open_font_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_port_notify_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_picture_clip_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_clear_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_rectangle_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fence_from_fd_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_change_picture.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_context.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_masks_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_rectangle.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_barrier_release_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pbuffer.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_pointer.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_subwindows_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_window_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_colormap_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_cursor_name_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_combine_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_copy_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_destroy_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_feedback_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_window_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_delete_pointer_barrier_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_trigger_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_new_list.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_gesture_pinch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name_end.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_surface.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_window.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_free_context.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_items.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_show_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_kill_client.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish_reply.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_grab_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_buffer_swap_complete_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_key.3.gz                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storei_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_close_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_leds_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_colors.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_shm_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_new_keyboard_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_subwindows.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_trapezoids.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_monitor.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_clip_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_picture_clip_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_arc.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_translate_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_window_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_destroy_region.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_save_set.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_fd_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_set_timeouts.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_dashes_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_16.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_traps_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keymaps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_configure_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_intercepted_clients_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_sizes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_unchecked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_destroy_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_region_extents_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_unchecked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_monitor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_save_set.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_disable_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keycodes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_shm_put_image.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_select_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_linear_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_filters_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_unset_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_selection_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_screen_saver.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_intersect_region.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_name_window_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_doc.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_colormap_notify_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data_end.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_install_colormap.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_create_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colors_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_feedbacks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_attribut_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_classes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_compat_maps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_fd.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_window_shape_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_plane.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_still.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_send_event_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_pointer_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_flush.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_rectangle_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_pointer_barrier_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_map_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_send_extension_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_client_message_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_bitmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_glx_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_enable.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_controls.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_window_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_context.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_named_indicator_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_by_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_triangles.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_select_events.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_glyphs.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_show_cursor.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_window.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_reply.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_x_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_force_screen_saver.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_size.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_suspend_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_dashes.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_font_path.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_cursor.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_mask_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_change_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_disable_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_delete_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_gc_clip_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_property.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_cursor.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_focus_in_event_t.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_interval.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_select_extension_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_anim_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_touch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_cursor.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_selection_owner.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_stop_video_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_server.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colormap.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_notify_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_32_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_attribs_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pixmap.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_mapping_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_8_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_doc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_rates_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_area_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_create_context.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_window_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_force_screen_saver_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children_end.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_unchecked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_key.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_change_drawable_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_16_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_video.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_access_control.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_disable.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_warp_pointer.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_cursor_name.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_gc.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish_unchecked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fence_from_fd.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer_reply.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_delete_property.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_offset.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_touch_ownership_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_use_x_font_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_named_color.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_window_shape_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled_reply.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ge_generic_event_t.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_button_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_server.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_context.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pbuffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_job_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_indicator_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_detach.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_large_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_close_down_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_recolor_cursor.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_region_extents.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_events_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_reply.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_convert_selection.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_trapezoids_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_mapping.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_still_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_video_notify_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_port_notify_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_doc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_page_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_set_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_active_pointer_grab.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_bell.3.gz                     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_gc.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_open_font.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_focus.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_idle_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_clear_area_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_window.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_printers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_add_output_mode.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_alarm.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_arc_checked.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_new_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_surface_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_job_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_output_source_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_notify_event_t.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_button_press_event_t.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_reset_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pad_4.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_feedbacks_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_subpicture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_register_clients.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_warp_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_glyphs_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_active_pointer_grab_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_anim_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_notify_event_t.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_window.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_glyph_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_glx_pixmap.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_notify_msc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_intersect_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_gc_clip_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_destroy_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_sizes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_invalidate_buffers_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_subwindows.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_hierarchy_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storef_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_video_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_gc_checked.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_server_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end_unchecked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_kill_client_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_delete_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pixmap.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_completion_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_symbols_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom_unchecked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_rotate_properties_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_colormap_and_free_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_counter.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb-requests.3.gz                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_trigger_fence.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_touch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_arc.3.gz                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_pointer_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture_reply.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_delete_device_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_triangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_picture.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_exposure_event_t.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send_unchecked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_reply.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_hosts_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_unchecked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_valuator_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_client_info_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_gc.3.gz                  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_set_port_attribute_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_names_length.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_unchecked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_monitors_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_put_image_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_output_primary.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_16_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_free_lease_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value_end.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_translate_region.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storef.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_button_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_dont_propagate_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_latch_lock_state_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_mapping_notify_event_t.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colors.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_send_extension_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists_unchecked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_unchecked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_save_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_screens_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_selection_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_create_region_from_border_clip.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_line.3.gz                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_install_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension_reply.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_conical_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_key_press_event_t.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_reply.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_8_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_warp_pointer_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_value_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_doc.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_device_info.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_page_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_release_overlay_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_rates_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_notify_event_t.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_offload_sink.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_transform_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_job.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_fill_poly_checked.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_reply.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_allow_events.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error.3.gz            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_colors_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_client_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_compat_maps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_fill_rectangles.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_warp_pointer.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_solid_fill_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_free_lease.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_close_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_use_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_page.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_counters_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_point_checked.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_arc_checked.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer.3.gz             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_monitors_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_video_checked.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data_length.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_mask.3.gz               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell_notify_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/LICENSE                         libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/tutorial/xcb.css                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/tutorial/index.html             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/res.h                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/randr.h                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xfixes.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xprint.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xcbext.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/dri2.h                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xkb.h                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/dpms.h                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/composite.h                          libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xinerama.h                           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/glx.h                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xcb.h                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/dri3.h                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/shape.h                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xevie.h                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/damage.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xv.h                                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/render.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xvmc.h                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/present.h                            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xtest.h                              libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xproto.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/ge.h                                 libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xinput.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xf86dri.h                            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/record.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xc_misc.h                            libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/screensaver.h                        libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/sync.h                               libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/shm.h                                libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/xselinux.h                           libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xcb/bigreq.h                             libxcb
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.a                                   libxdmcp-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.la                                  libxdmcp-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.so                                  libxdmcp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xdmcp.pc                           libxdmcp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxdmcp/LICENSE                       libxdmcp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXdmcp/xdmcp.xml                     libxdmcp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xdmcp.h                              libxdmcp
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXext.la                                   libxext-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXext.a                                    libxext-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXext.so                                   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xext.pc                            libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSGetVersion.3.gz               libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSInfo.3.gz                     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmQueryVersion.3.gz             libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeGetRectangles.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufChangeBufferAttributes.3.gz  libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBE.3.gz                          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmCreateImage.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xmbuf.3.gz                        libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz  libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeOffsetShape.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetVersion.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmQueryExtension.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSEnable.3.gz                   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryExtents.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetBufferAttributes.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSCapable.3.gz                  libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryVersion.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufQueryExtension.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeSelectInput.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineShape.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupGetReservedColormapEntries.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmAttach.3.gz                   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmGetImage.3.gz                 libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSForceLevel.3.gz               libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeQueryExtension.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviQueryExtension.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviQueryVersion.3.gz             libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeFreeVisualInfo.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufCreateBuffers.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShm.3.gz                         libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufDisplayBuffers.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeGetBackBufferAttributes.3.gz  libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSSetTimeouts.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShape.3.gz                       libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeAllocateBackBufferName.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviGetVisualInfo.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSQueryExtension.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryExtension.3.gz         libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineRegion.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeBeginIdiom.3.gz               libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineRectangles.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmGetEventBase.3.gz             libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xevi.3.gz                         libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupQueryVersion.3.gz             libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetWindowAttributes.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmPutImage.3.gz                 libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmPixmapFormat.3.gz             libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmDetach.3.gz                   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSGetTimeouts.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeDeallocateBackBufferName.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeInputSelected.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeSwapBuffers.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeEndIdiom.3.gz                 libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeGetVisualInfo.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmCreatePixmap.3.gz             libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetScreenInfo.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupStoreColors.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufCreateStereoWindow.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSDisable.3.gz                  libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufDestroyBuffers.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineMask.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/dpmslib.xml                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/synclib.xml                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/dbelib.xml                     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/shapelib.xml                   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/xtest1.xml                     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxext/COPYING                        libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xge.h                     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dpms.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xag.h                     libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestext1.h               libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xcup.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shape.h                   libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/extutil.h                 libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/multibuf.h                libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/MITMisc.h                 libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XLbx.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XEVI.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xext.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XShm.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xdbe.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/security.h                libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/sync.h                    libxext
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXft.la                                    libxft-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXft.a                                     libxft-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXft.so                                    libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xft.pc                             libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenPattern.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents16.3.gz             libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontCopy.3.gz                  libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDrawable.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphExtents.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender8.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreateAlpha.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGetVersion.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorAllocValue.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharIndex.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontUnloadGlyphs.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftNameParse.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphs.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphSpecRender.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorFree.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawChange.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontMatch.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents8.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftInitFtLibrary.3.gz             libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharExists.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16BE.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString16.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDestroy.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenInfo.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreate.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphSpec.3.gz             libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphRender.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xft.3.gz                          libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16LE.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftNameUnparse.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftListFonts.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawStringUtf16.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawColormap.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharSpecRender.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenName.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32BE.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDisplay.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoCreate.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultSubstitute.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCharFontSpec.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetClip.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtentsUtf16.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreateBitmap.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftInit.3.gz                      libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftXlfdParse.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultHasRender.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoDestroy.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRenderUtf16.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCharSpec.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorAllocName.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoEqual.3.gz             libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawVisual.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftUnlockFace.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharFontSpecRender.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultSet.3.gz                libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontCheckGlyph.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontClose.3.gz                 libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftLockFace.3.gz                  libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetSubwindowMode.3.gz      libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetClipRectangles.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRenderUtf8.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents32.3.gz             libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtentsUtf8.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawStringUtf8.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString32.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSrcPicture.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoHash.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawPicture.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphFontSpecRender.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenXlfd.3.gz              libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawRect.3.gz                  libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphFontSpec.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString8.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32LE.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpen.3.gz                  libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontLoadGlyphs.3.gz            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxft/COPYING                         libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xft/XftCompat.h                      libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/Xft/Xft.h                            libxft
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2mod.a        libxml2-python-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2mod.la       libxml2-python-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2.py          libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/drv_libxml2.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/libxml2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/drv_libxml2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/libxml2.cpython-311.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/__pycache__/drv_libxml2.cpython-311.pyc libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/libxml2mod.so       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/compareNodes.py libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/cutnpaste.py   libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/sync.py        libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/walker.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/nsdel.py       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/ctxterror.py   libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader7.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader4.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader2.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/input_callback.py libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstLastError.py libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validSchemas.py libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathleak.py   libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/build.py       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader8.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/outbuf.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/valid.xml      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstxpath.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathns.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/inbuf.py       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathext.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/test.dtd       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/attribs.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/schema.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader6.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader3.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tst.xml        libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstmem.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpath.py       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/push.py        libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/dtdvalid.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/thread2.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/relaxng.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/pushSAX.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/regexp.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/readererr.py   libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tst.py         libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/tstURI.py      libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/xpathret.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/resolver.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/serialize.py   libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/indexes.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/error.py       libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/pushSAXhtml.py libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validate.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/invalid.xml    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/reader5.py     libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validRNG.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/readernext.py  libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/python/examples/validDTD.py    libxml2-python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxml2.la                                   libxml2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxml2.a                                    libxml2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xmlcatalog.1.gz                   libxml2-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xmllint.1.gz                      libxml2-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xmllint                                      libxml2-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xmlcatalog                                   libxml2-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libxml2/libxml2-config.cmake           libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libxml-2.0.pc                      libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxml2.so                                   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/libxml.m4                          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xml2-config.1.gz                  libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/xmllint.html                   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader1.c             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse2.c              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/testWriter.c          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/io2.c                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/tree2.c               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse4.c              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/xpath1.c              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/tree1.c               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/xmllint.c             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader4.c             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader2.c             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse3.c              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/xpath2.c              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/parse1.c              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/reader3.c             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/index.html            libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/examples/io1.c                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/LICENSE                        libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apf.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includeconvert.c      libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apg.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includeaddkeyword.c   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/caution.png    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/toc-plus.png   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/up.png         libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/draft.png      libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/toc-minus.png  libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/note.png       libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/important.png  libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/warning.png    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/prev.png       libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/5.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/1.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/3.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/8.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/9.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/4.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/10.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/2.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/7.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/callouts/6.png libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/next.png       libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/tip.png        libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/blank.png      libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/home.png       libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/images/toc-blank.png  libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/aph.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apa.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s05.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apd.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s08.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s03.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s02.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apb.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/apc.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s09.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includexpath.c        libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/api.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ape.html              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s07.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/index.html            libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s04.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includekeyword.c      libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ar01s06.html          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includegetattribute.c libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/includeaddattribute.c libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/tutorial/ix01.html             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxml2/xmlcatalog.html                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xlink.h                   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/nanohttp.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/debugXML.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/catalog.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlschemas.h              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xpathInternals.h          libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/SAX2.h                    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/tree.h                    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xinclude.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/SAX.h                     libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/parser.h                  libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlunicode.h              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/pattern.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlreader.h               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlIO.h                   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xpath.h                   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/uri.h                     libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlerror.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xpointer.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/globals.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/list.h                    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/HTMLtree.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/nanoftp.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlexports.h              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlstring.h               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/relaxng.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/encoding.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/parserInternals.h         libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/schematron.h              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlmemory.h               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/entities.h                libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/dict.h                    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlsave.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/chvalid.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/hash.h                    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/valid.h                   libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlversion.h              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlautomata.h             libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/schemasInternals.h        libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlmodule.h               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlschemastypes.h         libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/HTMLparser.h              libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlregexp.h               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/threads.h                 libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/xmlwriter.h               libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxml2/libxml/c14n.h                    libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xml2-config                                  libxml2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXrender.la                                libxrender-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXrender.a                                 libxrender-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXrender.so                                libxrender
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xrender.pc                         libxrender
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxrender/LICENSE                     libxrender
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libXrender/libXrender.txt              libxrender
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xrender.h                 libxrender
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxslt.a                                    libxslt-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxslt.la                                   libxslt-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libexslt.la                                  libxslt-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libexslt.a                                   libxslt-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libexslt.so                                  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libxslt/FindGcrypt.cmake               libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/cmake/libxslt/libxslt-config.cmake           libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libexslt.pc                        libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libxslt.pc                         libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/xsltConf.sh                                  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxslt.so                                   libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/aclocal/libxslt.m4                         libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libexslt.3.gz                     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libxslt.3.gz                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/LICENSE.1                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/LICENSE                        libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/5.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/1.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/3.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/8.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/9.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/4.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/10.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/2.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/7.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/images/callouts/6.png libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/libxslttutorial.html  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial/libxslt_tutorial.c    libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/xsltproc.html                  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial2/libxslt_pipes.html   libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxslt/tutorial2/libxslt_pipes.c      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/right.png             libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-keys.html     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-variables.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/left.png              libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-transform.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-templates.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltlocale.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/up.png                libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-numbersInternals.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-namespaces.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-documents.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-extra.html    libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-extensions.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-functions.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-attributes.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt.devhelp2      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-imports.html  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xslt.html     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/style.css             libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltexports.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-preproc.html  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-security.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/index.html            libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltutils.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/general.html          libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/home.png              libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-pattern.html  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libxslt/libxslt-xsltInternals.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/right.png            libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/left.png             libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/up.png               libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/libexslt-exslt.html  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/style.css            libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/index.html           libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/libexslt-exsltexports.html libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/general.html         libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/home.png             libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libexslt/libexslt.devhelp2    libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/pattern.h                        libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/namespaces.h                     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltexports.h                    libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/imports.h                        libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/extensions.h                     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltutils.h                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltconfig.h                     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/preproc.h                        libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/xslt.h                           libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/variables.h                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/keys.h                           libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/documents.h                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/templates.h                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/numbersInternals.h               libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltlocale.h                     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/attributes.h                     libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/transform.h                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/extra.h                          libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/functions.h                      libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/security.h                       libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libxslt/xsltInternals.h                  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libexslt/exsltexports.h                  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libexslt/exslt.h                         libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/libexslt/exsltconfig.h                   libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xslt-config                                  libxslt
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXss.la                                    libxss-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXss.a                                     libxss-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libXss.so                                    libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xscrnsaver.pc                      libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xss.3.gz                          libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverRegister.3.gz         libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryInfo.3.gz        libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryVersion.3.gz     libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverUnsetAttributes.3.gz  libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryExtension.3.gz   libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverUnregister.3.gz       libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverGetRegistered.3.gz    libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSuspend.3.gz          libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverAllocInfo.3.gz        libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSelectInput.3.gz      libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSetAttributes.3.gz    libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/libxss/LICENSE                         libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/scrnsaver.h               libxss
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsof.8.gz                         lsof
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/lsof/license.txt                       lsof
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lsof                                         lsof
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lz4.1.gz                          lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lz4cat.1.gz                       lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlz4.1.gz                        lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unlz4                                        lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lz4c                                         lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lz4cat                                       lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lz4                                          lz4
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/make.1.gz                         make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/make.info-3                           make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/make.info-2                           make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/make.info                             make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/make.info-1                           make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/make/LICENSE                           make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/gnumake.h                                make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/make                                         make
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/findmnt.8.gz                      mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/swapon.8.gz                       mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/fstrim.8.gz                       mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/swapoff.8.gz                      mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/lslocks.8.gz                      mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mount.8.gz                        mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/umount.8.gz                       mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swapoff        mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swapon         mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/findmnt        mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lslocks        mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fstrim         mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mount          mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/umount         mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/swapoff                                      mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/swapon                                       mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/findmnt                                      mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lslocks                                      mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fstrim                                       mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mount                                        mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/umount                                       mount-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/nanorc                                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/tcl.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/cmake.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/javascript.nanorc                     nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/patch.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/ruby.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/json.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/guile.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/css.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/po.nanorc                             nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/texinfo.nanorc                        nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/yaml.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/c.nanorc                              nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/objc.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/extra/spec.nanorc                     nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/extra/ada.nanorc                      nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/extra/povray.nanorc                   nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/extra/fortran.nanorc                  nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/extra/haskell.nanorc                  nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/sql.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/sh.nanorc                             nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/go.nanorc                             nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/html.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/elisp.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/asm.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/autoconf.nanorc                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/python.nanorc                         nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/lua.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/groff.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/default.nanorc                        nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/tex.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/email.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/nanorc.nanorc                         nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/xml.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/markdown.nanorc                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/java.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/perl.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/makefile.nanorc                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/php.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/ocaml.nanorc                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/nanohelp.nanorc                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/awk.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/changelog.nanorc                      nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/nftables.nanorc                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/man.nanorc                            nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/nano/rust.nanorc                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/nanorc.5.gz                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nano.1.gz                         nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/nano.info                             nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nano/faq.html                          nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nano/nano.1.html                       nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nano/nanorc.5.html                     nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nano/rnano.1.html                      nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nano/LICENSE                           nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/nano/nano.html                         nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nano                                         nano
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncurses.a                                 ncurses-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtic.a                                     ncurses-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.a                                   ncurses-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.a                                 ncurses-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.a                                ncurses-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurses.a                                  ncurses-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.a                                  ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libformw.a                                   ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanel.a                                   ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libform.a                                    ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenu.a                                    ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.a                                   ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6                                ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6                                 ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6.4                               ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6.4                              ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libformw.so                                  ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libform.so                                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6                                 ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6                               ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6                                ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6.4                              ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so                                  ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so                                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6                                ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panel.pc                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/form.pc                            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menu.pc                            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/formw.pc                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panelw.pc                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menuw.pc                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6.4                             ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6.4                              ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so                                 ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6.4                               ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so                                  ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/toe.1.gz                          ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/infotocap.1.gz                    ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/infocmp.1.gz                      ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/captoinfo.1.gz                    ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tput.1.gz                         ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tabs.1.gz                         ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tic.1.gz                          ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/infotocap                                    ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/toe                                          ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tic                                          ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tput                                         ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/infocmp                                      ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/captoinfo                                    ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tabs                                         ncurses-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so                                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6                               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6.4                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6.4                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6                                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6.4                              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so                                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so                               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6                              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6.4                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtic.so                                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so                                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6                              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6                                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so                                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6.4                                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6.4                             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tic.pc                             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/curses.pc                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/termcap.pc                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tinfo.pc                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncurses.pc                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncursesw.pc                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6                             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/terminfo                                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchstr.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/page.3form.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/extensions.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/attributes.3menu.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/inopts.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/window.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/fieldtype.3form.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/color.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_visible.3menu.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3form.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/format.3menu.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/mark.3menu.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/default_colors.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel.3curses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_userptr.3form.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wstr.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3menu.gz                      ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/instr.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3form.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wstr.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_page.3form.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3form.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/util.3ncurses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/wresize.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_variables.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrnd.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/opaque.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/addwstr.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchstr.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_value.3menu.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3menu.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/form.3form.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getyx.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/printw.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pad.3ncurses.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_new.3form.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_just.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wch.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/items.3menu.gz                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_buffer.3form.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_variables.3form.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/clear.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_validation.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3form.gz                      ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/border_set.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/outopts.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3menu.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3menu.gz                      ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/addch.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3menu.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3menu.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_name.3menu.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_current.3menu.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/inwstr.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wch.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchstr.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_new.3menu.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/scanw.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ncurses.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/insch.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/deleteln.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/trace.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3menu.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcchar.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo_variables.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wch.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/scroll.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3form.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_pair.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_dump.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/print.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchstr.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_attributes.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu.3menu.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/move.3ncurses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/addstr.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/initscr.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts.3menu.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/touch.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_info.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/refresh.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3form.gz                      ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/memleaks.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3form.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr.3ncurses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3form.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3menu.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pattern.3menu.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgd.3ncurses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/insstr.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep.3ncurses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound.3ncurses.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getstr.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/termcap.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/border.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/field.3form.gz                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/delch.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/spacing.3menu.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/data.3form.gz                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wch.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/inch.3ncurses.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_userptr.3menu.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/kernel.3ncurses.gz                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/overlay.3ncurses.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/getch.3ncurses.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk.3ncurses.gz                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/clear.1.gz                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tset.1.gz                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/reset.1.gz                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncursesw6-config.1.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/tabset/vt100                               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/tabset/std                                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/tabset/vt300                               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/tabset/stdcrt                              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/ncurses/LICENSE                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty-256color                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/l/linux                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-256color                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-16color                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-kitty                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-color                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-termite                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-new                       ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm+256color                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty+common                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty-direct                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-256color                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome-256color                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/e/eterm-color                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux-256color                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen2                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st                              ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen-256color                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st-256color                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dtterm                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dumb                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/n/nsterm                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt100                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt102                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt52                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty                       ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty+common                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/ansi                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty-direct                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/termcap.h                                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/curses.h                                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/panel.h                                  ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/menu.h                                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tic.h                                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses.h                                ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unctrl.h                                 ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses_dll.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/eti.h                                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/term_entry.h                             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/nc_tparm.h                               ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/termcap.h                       ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/curses.h                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/panel.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/menu.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/tic.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses.h                       ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/unctrl.h                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses_dll.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/eti.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term_entry.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/nc_tparm.h                      ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/form.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/form.h                                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/term.h                                   ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/termcap.h                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/curses.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/panel.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/menu.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/tic.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses.h                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/unctrl.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses_dll.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/eti.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/term_entry.h                     ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/nc_tparm.h                       ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/form.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ncurses/term.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tset                                         ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/clear                                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ncursesw6-config                             ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/reset                                        ncurses
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mii-tool.8.gz                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/nameif.8.gz                       net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/ifconfig.8.gz                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/ipmaddr.8.gz                      net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/arp.8.gz                          net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/route.8.gz                        net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/iptunnel.8.gz                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/slattach.8.gz                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/rarp.8.gz                         net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/plipconfig.8.gz                   net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/netstat.8.gz                      net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/ethers.5.gz                       net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nisdomainname.1.gz                net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/domainname.1.gz                   net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ypdomainname.1.gz                 net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/net-tools/LICENSE                      net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/iptunnel                                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/slattach                                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mii-tool                                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ipmaddr                                      net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nameif                                       net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/plipconfig                                   net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/route                                        net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/arp                                          net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ifconfig                                     net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/netstat                                      net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/rarp                                         net-tools
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nettle-pbkdf2                                nettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pkcs1-conv                                   nettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nettle-lfib-stream                           nettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nettle-hash                                  nettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sexp-conv                                    nettle
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.a                                  openssl-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libssl.a                                     openssl-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/add-trusted-certificate                      openssl-tool
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/openssl                                      openssl-tool
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libssl.so.3                                  openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/ossl-modules/legacy.so                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/engines-3/capi.so                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/engines-3/loader_attic.so                    openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so                                 openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.3                               openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libssl.so                                    openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcrypto.pc                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/openssl.pc                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssl.pc                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/tls/openssl.cnf                              openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/openssl/LICENSE                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/symhacks.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/param_build.h                    openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/macros.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/dsa.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/whrlpool.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/obj_mac.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/srp.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pemerr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/camellia.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/core_dispatch.h                  openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsp.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/conftypes.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/conf_api.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/kdferr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/core_names.h                     openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cast.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/dherr.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ess.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/modes.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/proverr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ec.h                             openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/md2.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsperr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/encoder.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pem.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl3.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdh.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/blowfish.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/asyncerr.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/esserr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cmperr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/uierr.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12err.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/crmferr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/objectserr.h                     openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/types.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/x509_vfy.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/conferr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/crmf.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/httperr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/md5.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/des.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/params.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/evp.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/x509err.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/configuration.h                  openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1t.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/async.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/provider.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/fipskey.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/lhash.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/hmac.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/rc2.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1err.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ripemd.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/txt_db.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cterr.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/srtp.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/safestack.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ts.h                             openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ct.h                             openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cmac.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/core_object.h                    openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/idea.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/rc4.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/dtls1.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ui.h                             openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/storeerr.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ossl_typ.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/decodererr.h                     openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/core.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdsa.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/evperr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/engineerr.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cmserr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/stack.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/rsaerr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/comp.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/aes.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7err.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cms.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/comperr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/bn.h                             openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/crypto.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/pem2.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/dh.h                             openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/sha.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/rsa.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1_mac.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslv.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/seed.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ebcdic.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/md4.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/trace.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/bio.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/rand.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl2.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/tserr.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/bnerr.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/e_os2.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/rc5.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/objects.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslconf.h                    openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/engine.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3err.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/buffererr.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/encodererr.h                     openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp_util.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/fips_names.h                     openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/dsaerr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/conf.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/x509.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/buffer.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/self_test.h                      openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/ecerr.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/kdf.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/prov_ssl.h                       openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/mdc2.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/http.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/tls1.h                           openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/randerr.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr_legacy.h                  openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr_legacy.h               openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/store.h                          openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/bioerr.h                         openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/err.h                            openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/openssl/decoder.h                        openssl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/patch.1.gz                        patch
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/patch/LICENSE                          patch
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/patch                                        patch
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.a                             pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.a                                pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.a                                 pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.a                                pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.la                            pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.la                               pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.la                                pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.la                               pcre2-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.so                               pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.so                            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-32.pc                     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-posix.pc                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-16.pc                     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-8.pc                      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.so                               pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.so                                pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_escape.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_callout_enumerate.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2callout.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables_free.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_config.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2posix.3.gz                   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2convert.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_offset_limit.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_dfa_match.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_match_data_size.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2perform.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_convert.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_encode.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_byname.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2api.3.gz                     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2partial.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2sample.3.gz                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2pattern.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2matching.3.gz                pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_free.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_free.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_copy.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_free.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2compat.3.gz                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_free.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_free.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_copy.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_info.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_copy.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_free.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables.3.gz             pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_copy.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2demo.3.gz                    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substitute.3.gz             pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_error_message.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_free.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2.3.gz                        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2serialize.3.gz               pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_match.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2limits.3.gz                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_mark.3.gz               pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_separator.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_create.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2build.3.gz                   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_depth_limit.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2unicode.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_heap_limit.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_match_limit.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_free.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_get.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile.3.gz                pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_bsr.3.gz                pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2jit.3.gz                     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match.3.gz                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_startchar.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_newline.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_free.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_compile.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_create.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_callout.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_free.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2syntax.3.gz                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_decode.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_character_tables.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_count.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2-config.1.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENSE.1                        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2test.txt                    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_separator.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match.html            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_compile.html      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2convert.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/NON-AUTOTOOLS-BUILD.txt     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substitute.html       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2perform.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_character_tables.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_bsr.html          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_count.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile.html          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2posix.html             pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_callout_enumerate.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2api.html               pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_startchar.html    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2matching.html          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/README.txt                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2jit.html               pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2-config.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_convert.html  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_free.html        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_depth_limit.html  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2callout.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_escape.html  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_match_limit.html  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_offset_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_info.html     pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2sample.html            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2unicode.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2demo.html              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_encode.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2grep.html              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2pattern.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_match.html        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables_free.html  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables.html       pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2limits.html            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_config.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_callout.html      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_match_data_size.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2partial.html           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_free.html   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_decode.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_get.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/index.html                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_free.html   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_heap_limit.html   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_free.html  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2test.html              pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy.html        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2build.html             pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_free.html   pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2serialize.html         pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2.html                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_mark.html         pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_error_message.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2syntax.html            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_dfa_match.html        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2compat.html            pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_newline.html      pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.html pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/NEWS                             pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2-config.txt                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/AUTHORS                          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2grep.txt                    pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENCE                          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENSE                          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/COPYING                          pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2.txt                        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/ChangeLog                        pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/README                           pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/pcre2posix.h                             pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/pcre2.h                                  pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pcre2-config                                 pcre2
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2grep.1.gz                    pcre2grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pcre2grep                                    pcre2grep
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/strict.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/bytes.pm                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/PerlIO.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/_PM.e2x                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/encode.h                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/Makefile_PL.e2x          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/Supported.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/README.e2x               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/Changes.e2x              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/ConfigLocal_PM.e2x       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Encode/_T.e2x                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/if.pm                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/perl5db.pl                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Exporter.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/HTTP/Tiny.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Exporter/Heavy.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IPC/Cmd.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IPC/Open3.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IPC/Open2.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/UNIVERSAL.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/blib.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Fatal.pm                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/SelfLoader.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/FileCache.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Params/Check.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Tutorial.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder/IO/Scalar.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder/Formatter.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder/Module.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder/TodoDiag.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder/Tester/Color.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder/Tester.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Simple.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/More.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Harness.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Builder.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/use/ok.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Tester/Capture.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Tester/Delegate.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Tester/CaptureRunner.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test/Tester.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DB.pm                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/charnames.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/builtin.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/overload/numbers.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/subs.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/Load/Conditional.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/CoreList/Utils.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/Metadata.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/Loaded.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/CoreList.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/CoreList.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Module/Load.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autouse.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Dumpvalue.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/dumpvar.pl                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Thread.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Digest.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Term/Complete.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Term/Cap.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Term/ReadLine.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Term/ANSIColor.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/exception.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/hints.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/Scope/Guard.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/Scope/GuardStack.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/exception/system.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/skip.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie/Util.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/parent.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Search/Dict.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/base.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/Array.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/StdHandle.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/Scalar.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/Hash/NamedCapture.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/Hash.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/SubstrHash.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/File.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/Handle.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/Memoize.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Tie/RefHash.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/Storable.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/NDBM_File.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/Expire.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/ExpireFile.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/SDBM_File.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/ExpireTest.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize/AnyDBM_File.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/overload.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Bundle.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/HTTP/Credentials.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/HTTP/Client.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Feature.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Converter.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/History.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Requirements.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Spec.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/YAML.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Prereqs.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_1.pod  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_2.pod  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_3.pod  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_0.pod  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/History/Meta_1_4.pod  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Merge.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta/Validator.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/FirstTime.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/InfoObj.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Debug.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/CacheMgr.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Queue.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Distribution.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Complete.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Author.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/FTP/netrc.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Plugin.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Exception/yaml_not_installed.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Exception/blocked_urllist.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Exception/yaml_process_error.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Exception/RecursiveDependency.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/API/HOWTO.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Shell.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Meta.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Tarzip.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Mirrors.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Distrostatus.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Prompt.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Kwalify/distroprefs.yml    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Kwalify/distroprefs.dd     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Module.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/LWP/UserAgent.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Kwalify.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Index.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/URL.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/FTP.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Version.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/DeferredCode.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/HandleConfig.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Distroprefs.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Plugin/Specfile.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CPAN/Nox.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/version/Internals.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/version/regex.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Devel/SelfStubber.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/CORE.pod                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext/Cookbook.pod    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext/Simple.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext/GutsLoader.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext/Guts.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext/TPJ13.pod       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Locale/Maketext.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Archive/Tar/Constant.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Archive/Tar/File.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Archive/Tar.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/to.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/nso.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/gu.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ja.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/tn.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/vi.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/cu.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/de_phone.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/lt.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/pl.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/be.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/se.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/tr.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/da.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/eo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sr.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/or.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kl.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/te.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ug_cyrl.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ln.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sv_refo.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sa.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ko.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/vo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/th.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ro.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sv.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_zhu.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/af.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kn.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kk.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/pa.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fa.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_pin.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/nn.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sq.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fil.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/he.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hr.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ee.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/es.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/lkt.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/mr.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/wo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/cs.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/nb.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sl.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_gb.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fr_ca.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/wae.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/om.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fi.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/si.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/cy.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/sk.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/as.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/mk.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ha.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/haw.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_strk.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/uk.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hy.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ca.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/et.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/bn.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/mt.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh_big5.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/de_at_ph.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ta.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/fi_phone.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ar.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/yo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ig.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ml.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/dsb.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/lv.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/is.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/az.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/si_dict.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/es_trad.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/kok.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hu.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/ur.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/zh.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/Locale/hi.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/keys.txt        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Zhuyin.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/JISX0208.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Stroke.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/GB2312.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Korean.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Big5.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/CJK/Pinyin.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/Collate/allkeys.txt     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Unicode/UCD.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/PerlIO.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Adapter/Identity.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Adapter/Inflate.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Adapter/Bunzip2.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Unzip.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Base.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/AnyInflate.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Inflate.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Gunzip.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/RawInflate.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/Bunzip2.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Uncompress/AnyUncompress.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Zlib.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Adapter/Bzip2.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Adapter/Identity.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Adapter/Deflate.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Bzip2.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/FAQ.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Base.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Base/Common.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/RawDeflate.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Zlib/Extra.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Zlib/Constants.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Gzip/Constants.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Zip.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Gzip.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Zip/Constants.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Compress/Deflate.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/IO/Socket/IP.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/bigrat.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/App/Prove/State.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/App/Prove/State/Result/Test.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/App/Prove/State/Result.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/App/Prove.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/App/Cpan.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/autodie.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ok.pm                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2.pm                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/open.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/perlfaq.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/experimental.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/fields.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Getopt/Std.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Getopt/Long.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_Cygwin.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_BeOS.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/ParseXS/CountLines.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/ParseXS/Eval.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/ParseXS/Utilities.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/ParseXS/Constants.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MakeMaker.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/ParseXS.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Constant.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Base.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/darwin.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows/MSVC.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows/BCC.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows/GCC.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/VMS.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/os2.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Windows.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/aix.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/Unix.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/android.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/cygwin.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder/Platform/dec_osf.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Constant/Base.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Constant/XS.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Constant/Utils.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Constant/ProxySubs.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_QNX.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_Win32.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_VMS.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Command.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Embed.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_DOS.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Mksymlists.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_VOS.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Command/MM.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Liblist/Kid.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MANIFEST.SKIP          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/FAQ.pod      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/Tutorial.pod perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/version.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/Config.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MakeMaker/Locale.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Installed.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/PL2Bat.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/typemap                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Install.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Mkbootstrap.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_Unix.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Packlist.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_OS2.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/xsubpp                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/ParseXS.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Typemaps.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MY.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/CBuilder.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_Any.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_MacOS.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_AIX.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/testlib.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_NW5.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_Darwin.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Manifest.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_UWIN.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Typemaps/Type.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Typemaps/OutputMap.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Typemaps/InputMap.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Typemaps/Cmd.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_OS390.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Liblist.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/MM_Win95.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/ExtUtils/Miniperl.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/diagnostics.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/SelectSaver.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/bigfloat.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/warnings.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/bytes_heavy.pl                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/FileHandle.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/version.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/ParseLink.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Functions.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToTk.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToTerm.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToText.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToNroff.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/BaseTo.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToRtf.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToPod.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToChecker.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToMan.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/GetOptsOO.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToANSI.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Perldoc/ToXml.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Html/Util.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Text.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Escapes.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Methody.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/HTMLLegacy.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/DumpAsXML.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Debug.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/PullParserToken.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/XMLOutStream.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Progress.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/LinkSection.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Transcode.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/DumpAsText.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/TranscodeDumb.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/HTML.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Subclassing.pod      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Search.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/JustPod.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/XHTML.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Text.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/TranscodeSmart.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/TiedOutFH.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/PullParserTextToken.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/PullParserEndToken.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/HTMLBatch.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/TextContent.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/RTF.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/PullParser.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/SimpleTree.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/PullParserStartToken.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/Checker.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Simple/BlackBox.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Html.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Usage.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Checker.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Text/Termcap.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Text/Overstrike.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Text/Color.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Pod/Man.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/PerlIO/via/QuotedPrint.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/less.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldelta.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlbook.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5320delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlgov.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5240delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5004delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perliol.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlmodlib.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlaix.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlboot.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlvar.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlperf.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldbmfilter.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlnumber.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5262delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5301delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5281delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlreref.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlgit.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5201delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlapi.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlclib.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5101delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsolaris.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlreapi.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltoot.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlirix.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl561delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5161delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5202delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlos2.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5261delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlpolicy.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlvos.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5280delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldocstyle.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5321delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhpux.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlcheat.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlretut.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsub.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltoc.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5163delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5142delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlwin32.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlbot.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perllol.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5282delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5005delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5203delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl585delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlpacktut.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlandroid.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlunicode.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5221delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5223delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq1.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlbs2000.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq5.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhurd.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfunc.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5181delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl582delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlform.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlembed.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlootut.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl584delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq7.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5124delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5100delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlamiga.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhaiku.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldebug.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlrepository.pod          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsec.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5244delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlopenbsd.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5120delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlmod.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlpod.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perluniintro.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlplan9.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltru64.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlgpl.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlport.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlunitut.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlnewmod.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5222delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlcommunity.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldeprecation.pod         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhist.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5144delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlunicook.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl56delta.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5361delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlos390.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlexperiment.pod          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq3.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhacktips.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlrequick.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsynology.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl588delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perllocale.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq9.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltooc.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlthrtut.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5141delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltw.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perllinux.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5260delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq8.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5121delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5242delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5200delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq2.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsecpolicy.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlipc.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlguts.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlmroapi.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl589delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5241delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsource.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5184delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlqnx.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5224delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5162delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl.pod                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5160delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlpragma.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlxstypemap.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldebtut.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltodo.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltie.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlebcdic.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhacktut.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5125delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldoc.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5220delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlpodspec.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5182delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlvms.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5302delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlxs.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlopentut.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlutil.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlreguts.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq6.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5180delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlpodstyle.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlinterp.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlstyle.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlmacosx.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl583delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlintern.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlrecharclass.pod         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldtrace.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlintro.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlobj.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5123delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlartistic.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlapio.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldiag.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5143delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perltrap.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlcygwin.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perllexwarn.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5340delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlunifaq.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl58delta.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlhack.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlmodinstall.pod          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlsyn.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5303delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldsc.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldata.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlos400.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlop.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5360delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfork.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5341delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlreftut.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perljp.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlcn.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfilter.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl581delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl587delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlrun.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlrebackslash.pod         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlre.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl586delta.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlko.pod                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfaq4.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlxstut.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perldebguts.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5263delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlref.pod                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5283delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perluniprops.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5300delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5243delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlriscos.pod              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5122delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlglossary.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlfreebsd.pod             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlcall.pod                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perlmodstyle.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/pod/perl5140delta.pod           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/vars.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/meta_notation.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Env.pm                          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/_charnames.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Symbol.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Internals.pod                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/bignum.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Thread/Queue.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Thread/Semaphore.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Digest/base.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Digest/file.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/sort.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/overloading.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Base.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/Session.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/Console/Session.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/Console/ParallelSession.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/Base.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/Console.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/File.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/File/Session.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Formatter/Color.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/IteratorFactory.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Scheduler.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Test.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Bailout.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Plan.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Comment.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/YAML.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Pragma.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Unknown.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result/Version.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Iterator.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Grammar.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/ResultFactory.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/YAMLish/Reader.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/YAMLish/Writer.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Result.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Source.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Iterator/Array.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Iterator/Process.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Iterator/Stream.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Scheduler/Spinner.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Scheduler/Job.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Multiplexer.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/Aggregator.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/Executable.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/RawTAP.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/File.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/Perl.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Parser/SourceHandler/Handle.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Harness.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Object.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Harness/Env.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/TAP/Harness/Beyond.pod          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/sigtrap.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/NEXT.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Basename.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Fetch.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Copy.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Path.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Compare.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Temp.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/stat.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/GlobMapper.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/File/Find.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/constant.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/B/Deparse.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/B/Op_private.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/AutoLoader.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/filetest.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DirHandle.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/encoding/warnings.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Attribute/Handlers.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/utf8.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/IPC/Driver.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/IPC/Driver/Files.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/IPC.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Hub.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Control.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Hub.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Amnesty.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Info.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Plan.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Trace.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Render.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Info/Table.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Meta.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/About.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Error.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Parent.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/EventFacet/Assert.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Tools/Tiny.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Skip.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Bail.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Ok.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Plan.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Waiting.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Note.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Generic.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Subtest.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Encoding.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/TAP/Version.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Diag.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Exception.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Fail.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/Pass.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event/V2.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Event.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/Stack.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Hub.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Squasher.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Event.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/InterceptResult/Facet.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/Instance.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/InterceptResult.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/Breakage.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/API/Context.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Formatter/TAP.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Formatter.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Hub/Subtest.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Hub/Interceptor.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Hub/Interceptor/Terminator.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Util/HashBase.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Util/Trace.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Util/ExternalMeta.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Util/Facets2Legacy.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Transition.pod            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Test2/Util.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/libnetFAQ.pod               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/Netrc.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/servent.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/netent.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/Ping.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/FTP/E.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/FTP/dataconn.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/FTP/A.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/FTP/I.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/FTP/L.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/SMTP.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/Cmd.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/Domain.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/Time.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/NNTP.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/POP3.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/protoent.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/hostent.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/FTP.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Net/Config.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Memoize.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/English.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/User/grent.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/User/pwent.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/TW.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/EBCDIC.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/GSM0338.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Encoder.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Unicode/UTF7.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/CJKConstants.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/JP/JIS7.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/JP/H2Z.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Symbol.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Alias.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Encoding.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/MIME/Header.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/MIME/Header/ISO_2022_JP.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/MIME/Name.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/KR.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/CN.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Unicode.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Guess.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/CN/HZ.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Config.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/Byte.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/KR/2022_KR.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode/JP.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Storable.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Encode.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/EBCDIC/EBCDIC.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Unicode/Unicode.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Symbol/Symbol.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/JP/JP.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/TW/TW.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/CN/CN.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/Byte/Byte.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Encode/KR/KR.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/attributes/attributes.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/re/re.so   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/POSIX/POSIX.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Sys/Syslog/Syslog.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Sys/Hostname/Hostname.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/threads/shared/shared.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/threads/threads.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Devel/Peek/Peek.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Hash/Util/Util.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Hash/Util/FieldHash/FieldHash.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Unicode/Collate/Collate.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Unicode/Normalize/Normalize.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Cwd/Cwd.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Opcode/Opcode.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/IO/IO.so   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Fcntl/Fcntl.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Data/Dumper/Dumper.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Storable/Storable.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/mmap/mmap.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/scalar/scalar.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/via/via.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/PerlIO/encoding/encoding.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Digest/SHA/SHA.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Digest/MD5/MD5.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/MIME/Base64/Base64.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/File/Glob/Glob.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/File/DosGlob/DosGlob.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/B/B.so     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/List/Util/Util.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SDBM_File/SDBM_File.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Filter/Util/Call/Call.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Math/BigInt/FastCalc/FastCalc.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/I18N/Langinfo/Langinfo.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Time/HiRes/HiRes.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Time/Piece/Piece.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Compress/Raw/Bzip2/Bzip2.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Compress/Raw/Zlib/Zlib.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/mro/mro.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/Socket/Socket.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Sys/Syslog.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Sys/Hostname.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Opcode.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/DynaLoader.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/encoding.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/threads/shared.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Config.pod      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Devel/PPPort.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Devel/Peek.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Hash/Util/FieldHash.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Hash/Util.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Config_heavy.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Unicode/Collate/Locale.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Unicode/Normalize.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Unicode/Collate.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Config_git.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Dir.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Seekable.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/File.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Poll.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Handle.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Socket.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Pipe.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Select.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Socket/INET.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO/Socket/UNIX.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/gv.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/feature.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perl_langinfo.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/uni_keywords.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/pp_proto.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/keywords.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/reentr.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/opcode.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/charclass_invlists.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/sbox32_hash.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/parser.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/regcomp.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/hv_macro.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/embed.h    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/sv_inline.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/pp.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/malloc_ctl.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/zaphod32_hash.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/unixish.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/hv_func.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perl_siphash.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/hv.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/git_version.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/invlist_inline.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perly.h    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/opnames.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/proto.h    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/uudmap.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/scope.h    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/try.h      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/regnodes.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/l1_char_class_tab.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/utf8.h     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/XSUB.h     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perlvars.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/mydtrace.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/intrpvar.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/patchlevel.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/nostdio.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/fakesdio.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/op_reg_common.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/regexp.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perlio.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/av.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/config.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perlsdio.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/bitcount.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/util.h     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perl_inc_macro.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/vutil.h    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/cv.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perliol.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/cop.h      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perlapi.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/mg_data.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/uconfig.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/inline.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/utfebcdic.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/unicode_constants.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/time64_config.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/metaconfig.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/time64.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/op.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/pad.h      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/perl.h     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/form.h     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/thread.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/regcharclass.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/ebcdic_tables.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/dosish.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/xconfig.h  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/INTERN.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/libperl.so perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/iperlsys.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/embedvar.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/sv.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/mg_vtable.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/overload.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/mg_raw.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/EXTERN.h   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/mg.h       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/warnings.h perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/CORE/handy.h    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/mro.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Data/Dumper.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/re.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/PerlIO/mmap.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/PerlIO/encoding.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/PerlIO/scalar.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/PerlIO/via.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/threads.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Errno.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Encode.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SDBM_File.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/O.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Digest/MD5.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Digest/SHA.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Scalar/Util.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/MIME/QuotedPrint.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/MIME/Base64.pm  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/DosGlob.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Cygwin.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Win32.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Functions.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/VMS.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/OS2.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Epoc.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Mac.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/AmigaOS.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Spec/Unix.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/File/Glob.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/B/Terse.pm      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/B/Xref.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/B/Concise.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/B/Showlex.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/POSIX.pod       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/List/Util/XS.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/List/Util.pm    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Socket.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/attributes.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/lib.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Fcntl.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/POSIX.pm        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Filter/Util/Call.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Math/BigInt/FastCalc.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/ops.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/.packlist       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/I18N/Langinfo.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Config.pm       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Sub/Util.pm     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Time/Seconds.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Time/Piece.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Time/HiRes.pm   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/B.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Compress/Raw/Bzip2.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Compress/Raw/Zlib.pm perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/Cwd.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/aarch64-android/IO.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/warnings/register.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Carp.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/FindBin.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Config/Extensions.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Config/Perl/V.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/bigint.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Parse/CPAN/Meta.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Filter/Simple.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Benchmark.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigInt/Calc.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigInt/Lib.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigInt/Trace.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigFloat/Trace.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigInt.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigRat/Trace.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigRat.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/Complex.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/Trig.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Math/BigFloat.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/deprecate.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/XSLoader.pm                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/locale.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/integer.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/I18N/LangTags/List.pm           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/I18N/LangTags/Detect.pm         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/I18N/Collate.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/I18N/LangTags.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DBM_Filter.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/AnyDBM_File.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/JSON/PP.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/JSON/PP/Boolean.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DBM_Filter/encode.pm            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DBM_Filter/compress.pm          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DBM_Filter/utf8.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DBM_Filter/int32.pm             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/DBM_Filter/null.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Time/localtime.pm               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Time/gmtime.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Time/Local.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Time/tm.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/vmsish.pm                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Text/Balanced.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Text/Abbrev.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Text/ParseWords.pm              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Text/Tabs.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Text/Wrap.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/feature.pm                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Compress/Zlib.pm                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/AutoSplit.pm                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Carp/Heavy.pm                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Perl/OSType.pm                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/version.pod                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Class/Struct.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/CombiningClass.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/NamedSequences.txt      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/Name.pl                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Upper/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GrBase/Y.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CompEx/Y.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ideo/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nt/Di.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nt/None.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nt/Nu.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFKDQC/Y.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFKDQC/N.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CWCM/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CWL/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/NU.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/AT.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/SC.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/LE.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/ST.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/FO.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/Sp.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/XX.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/EX.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/UP.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/CL.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SB/LO.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/XIDS/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/EComp/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GrExt/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V31.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V50.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V51.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V20.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V30.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V60.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V110.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V32.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V40.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V70.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V80.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V90.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V61.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V120.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/NA.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V100.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V41.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V11.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V130.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V52.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Age/V140.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ext/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bpt/O.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bpt/N.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bpt/C.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/Uncommon.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/Exclusio.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/Obsolete.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/NotXID.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/DefaultI.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/NotChara.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/Inclusio.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/Technica.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/NotNFKC.pl   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/Recommen.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdType/LimitedU.pl  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Term/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFKCQC/Y.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFKCQC/N.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/SD/Y.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/2_3.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/9000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/40.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/0.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/5000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/6.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/6000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/14.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/90.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1_8.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/10000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/8.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1_3.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/12.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1_16.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/30000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/17.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/40000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/3_4.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/11.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/5.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/600.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/300.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/9.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/400.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1_4.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/7.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/4000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/2000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/60000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1_6.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/16.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/7000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/18.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/50.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/100.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/900.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/15.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/50000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1_2.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/20.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/500.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/10.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/200.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/90000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/3.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/80000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/19.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/13.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/700.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/1000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/60.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/3000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/2.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/4.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/70.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/100000.pl        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/3_16.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/70000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/8000.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/80.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/800.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/20000.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Nv/30.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/A.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/AL.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/ATAR.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/NR.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/DB.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/B.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/AR.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/NK.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/BR.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/OV.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ccc/VR.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/NU.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/IN.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/SA.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/PR.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/IS.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/ID.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/AL.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/PO.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/CJ.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/QU.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/AI.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/BB.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/GL.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/CM.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/XX.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/BA.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/EX.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/CL.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/NS.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lb/OP.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CWT/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dep/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Hst/NA.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/PatSyn/Y.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CWCF/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CE/Y.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/ExtPict/Y.pl        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IDC/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/EPres/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Emoji/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ea/A.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ea/H.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ea/N.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ea/W.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Ea/Na.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CI/Y.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdStatus/Allowed.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IdStatus/Restrict.pl perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/VisualOr.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndRi.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/BottomAn.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndL2.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/Bottom.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/Top.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndLe.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/Left.pl        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/LeftAndR.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/NA.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/Overstru.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/TopAndBo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InPC/Right.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/STerm/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/UIdeo/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/BidiM/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/XIDC/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jt/R.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jt/T.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jt/L.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jt/D.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jt/C.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jt/U.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFCQC/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFCQC/M.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/IDS/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Nb.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Font.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Com.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Med.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Sub.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Sqr.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Init.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Nar.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Iso.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Vert.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Fin.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Enc.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/Sup.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dt/NonCanon.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CWKCF/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Vith.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Lao.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Geor.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Dupl.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Orya.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Armn.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Mong.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Lana.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Sinh.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Yezi.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Phlp.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Zinh.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Zzzz.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Knda.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Syrc.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Hang.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Bopo.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Gran.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Telu.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Tibt.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Mymr.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Mlym.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Tirh.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Linb.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Diak.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Cprt.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Ethi.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Grek.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Rohg.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Kthi.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Guru.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Hmng.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Han.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Hebr.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Shrd.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Khmr.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Talu.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Adlm.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Bhks.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Khar.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Zyyy.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Copt.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Hmnp.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Nko.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Sind.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Lina.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Cham.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Kana.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Arab.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Yi.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Gonm.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Thaa.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Nand.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Cyrl.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Gong.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Gujr.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Tang.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Xsux.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Cakm.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Beng.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Deva.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Latn.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Limb.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Takr.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Hira.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Khoj.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Glag.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Taml.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Tagb.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Scx/Mult.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/ET.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/AL.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/R.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/AN.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/L.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/B.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/WS.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/EN.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/NSM.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/CS.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/ON.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/BN.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Bc/ES.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/HanifiRo.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Kaf.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Feh.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Waw.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Qaf.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/NoJoinin.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/FarsiYeh.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Seen.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Beh.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Yeh.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Reh.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Gaf.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Noon.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Sad.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Dal.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Ain.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Alef.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Hah.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Tah.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Jg/Lam.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/CWU/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Vo/Tr.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Vo/R.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Vo/U.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Vo/Tu.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/PCM/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/EBase/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/3_2.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/9_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/5_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/13_0.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/6_2.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/6_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/6_1.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/7_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/14_0.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/4_1.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/2_1.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/12_0.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/12_1.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/11_0.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/6_3.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/3_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/5_1.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/2_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/5_2.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/8_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/3_1.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/10_0.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/In/4_0.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/SM.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/CN.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/LVT.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/LV.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/PP.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/XX.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/GCB/EX.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Hex/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Blk/NB.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Hyphen/T.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFDQC/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/NFDQC/N.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Alpha/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/DI/Y.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Math/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Cased/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dash/Y.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/QMark/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/VS/Y.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Geor.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Dupl.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Orya.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Mong.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Sinh.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Zinh.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Knda.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Syrc.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Hang.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Gran.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Telu.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Mlym.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Linb.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Cprt.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Grek.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Guru.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Han.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Zyyy.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Kana.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Arab.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Gonm.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Cyrl.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Gong.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Gujr.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Beng.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Deva.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Latn.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Limb.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Hira.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Glag.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Taml.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Sc/Mult.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/MB.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/NU.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/ML.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/WSegSpac.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/KA.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/Extend.pl        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/LE.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/HL.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/FO.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/XX.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/MN.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/WB/EX.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Pe.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Cf.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Lm.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Lu.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Lo.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Po.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Sc.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Nd.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/S.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Pf.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/M.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Mc.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/L.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Sk.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/N.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Ps.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Nl.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/LC.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Pi.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/P.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Pc.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Zs.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Z.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Pd.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Me.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/C.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Ll.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/No.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Sm.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Cn.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/Mn.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Gc/So.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Lower/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/BidiC/Y.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Print.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlIsI.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlIDC.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlCha.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlPr2.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlIDS.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/SpacePer.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Title.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Assigned.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlCh2.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Blank.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/PosixPun.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlPro.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlQuo.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Alnum.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/PerlWord.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Graph.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlFol.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlPat.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlNch.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/XPosixPu.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/_PerlAny.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Perl/Word.pl        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Other.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consonan.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona3.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona6.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona5.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona7.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona2.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Virama.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Syllable.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Number.pl      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Nukta.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona4.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/PureKill.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Cantilla.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Avagraha.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/ToneMark.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/VowelDep.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Visarga.pl     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Consona8.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/VowelInd.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Invisibl.pl    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Vowel.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/InSC/Bindu.pl       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/lib/Dia/Y.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/version                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/SpecialCasing.txt       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/Blocks.txt              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Cf.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Bpt.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/PerlDeci.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Nv.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Ea.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/NFCQC.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/NameAlia.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Jg.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Sc.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Lc.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/InSC.pl              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Bpb.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Na1.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/NFKCQC.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/InPC.pl              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Jt.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Gc.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/NFKCCF.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Lb.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/EqUIdeo.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Isc.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Bmg.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Identifi.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/NFKDQC.pl            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/SB.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Identif2.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/_PerlLB.pl           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Tc.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Scx.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/WB.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Nt.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Age.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/NFDQC.pl             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Hst.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Uc.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/_PerlSCX.pl          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Vo.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/GCB.pl               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/To/Bc.pl                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/UCD.pl                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/uni_keywords.pl         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/Decomposition.pl        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/unicore/Name.pm                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/5.36.1/Safe.pm                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libperl.so                                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_0.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Bailout.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/blib.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Tabs.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::FirstTime.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/subs.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Socket.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Formatter::TAP.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::Piece.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::CN.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Plan.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Object.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Xref.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant::XS.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::CBuilder::Platform::Windows.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Dumpvalue.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::GSM0338.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Comment.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Search::Dict.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Bunzip2.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_QNX.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/POSIX.3.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::HTMLBatch.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Merge.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant::Utils.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Context.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Unknown.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Plan.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket::UNIX.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Bzip2.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Hash::Util::FieldHash.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MY.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Plugin.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::SDBM_File.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/vars.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/NEXT.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserEndToken.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Harness.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Concise.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::GB2312.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::IPC::Driver.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Pipe.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/overload.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::HashBase.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToANSI.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::Storable.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Console::ParallelSession.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::encode.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::exception::system.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text::Termcap.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Checker.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::TAP::Version.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Cwd.3.gz                          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Data::Dumper.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Unicode.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads::shared.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Compress::Zlib.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Load::Conditional.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text::Color.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Waiting.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::RawInflate.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS::Constants.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Scheduler.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::File.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2.3.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove::State::Result.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/List::Util.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::TextContent.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::OutputMap.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Sys::Hostname.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToTerm.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub::Interceptor.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::Trace.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Unzip.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::Cmd.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Config::Extensions.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Harness::Beyond.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/fields.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::RawDeflate.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::LinkSection.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DynaLoader.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Dir.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Encoding.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::MIME::Header.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Normalize.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_4.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Config.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Load.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Version.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::SimpleTree.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket::IP.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tutorial.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SelfLoader.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Getopt::Long.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DirHandle.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_VOS.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/AutoSplit.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/deprecate.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/FileHandle.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Session.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tester.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Command::MM.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Win32.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Bail.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Grammar.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Amnesty.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSLoader.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Sys::Syslog.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tester::Capture.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Thread.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::Local.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToChecker.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Path.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::libnetFAQ.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/locale.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Base.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS::Eval.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Gunzip.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Metadata.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Html::Util.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::File.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult::Event.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/HTTP::Tiny.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::BaseTo.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Devel::Peek.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Carp.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Balanced.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::Scope::GuardStack.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::compress.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::StdHandle.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Tutorial.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::AmigaOS.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserStartToken.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Attribute::Handlers.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::encoding.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::Scope::Guard.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Color.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Memoize.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Search.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Manifest.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Devel::SelfStubber.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/warnings.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Feature.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_2.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/User::pwent.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::API::HOWTO.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::testlib.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::SMTP.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::skip.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::NDBM_File.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Console.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::gmtime.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Tester::CaptureRunner.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Cmd.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Mkbootstrap.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Tester::Color.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Stack.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub::Interceptor::Terminator.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::RefHash.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::ParseLink.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Basename.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::Facets2Legacy.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/less.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Win32.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::FAQ.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::CoreList.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Converter.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::Locale.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_OS390.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::Guts.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::Trig.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator::Process.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/FileCache.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Pragma.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Compare.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Pass.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::FAQ.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Debug.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Abbrev.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::Complete.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Scheduler::Job.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/utf8.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/mro.3.gz                          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::hints.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Cygwin.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Pinyin.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToRtf.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Diag.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::YAMLish::Reader.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/unicore::Name.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Exporter::Heavy.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Distroprefs.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Archive::Tar::File.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::Expire.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Hub.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/encoding.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Array.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Source.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToNroff.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Installed.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Big5.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Compress::Raw::Bzip2.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Console::Session.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::YAML.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Time.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt::Calc.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Win95.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::HiRes.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::GetOptsOO.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Breakage.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::Util.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/filetest.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Encoding.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Copy.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Symbol.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::YAML.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Formatter.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::servent.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::ExpireFile.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::HTML.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::OS2.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::CJKConstants.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text::Overstrike.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/builtin.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Class::Struct.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::ParseXS::Utilities.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Temp.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::ParseWords.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::IO::Scalar.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MIME::QuotedPrint.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Mirrors.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util::ExternalMeta.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Byte.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/attributes.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bigrat.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::ReadLine.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Zip.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Glob.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MIME::Base64.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToMan.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Scalar::Util.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub::Subtest.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator::Array.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserToken.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Fail.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Stroke.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_BeOS.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Exception.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::IPC.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Hub.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::EBCDIC.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Control.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_3.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Zhuyin.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::localtime.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IPC::Open3.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt::Lib.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Kwalify.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/if.3.gz                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Filter::Simple.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Unix.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Config.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/warnings::register.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Info::Table.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::FTP.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::netent.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove::State::Result::Test.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Command.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::XHTML.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::HandleConfig.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/experimental.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO.3.gz                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/re.3.gz                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/open.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/AutoLoader.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_MacOS.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::Cap.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Showlex.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Params::Check.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::Loaded.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Thread::Semaphore.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Unicode::UTF7.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Functions.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Harness.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/version::Internals.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Domain.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToPod.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Base.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Gzip.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Note.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Simple.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Text.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/constant.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DB.3.gz                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Handle.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::Complex.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::JP::H2Z.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::LangTags::Detect.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::TW.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::Type.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Fetch.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Tester.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Storable.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::POP3.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Term::ANSIColor.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::JP.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Symbol.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::TPJ13.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Handle.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Install.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_NW5.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::Module.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Meta.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CORE.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autodie::exception.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Html.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::XMLOutStream.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Packlist.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Multiplexer.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Thread::Queue.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/lib.3.gz                          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::JISX0208.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::stat.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/integer.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::AnyDBM_File.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Base.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Prove::State.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::GutsLoader.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::File.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Darwin.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Mac.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::scalar.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Version.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Config::Perl::V.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IPC::Open2.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Unix.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::Simple.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::Collate::CJK::Korean.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Perl::OSType.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::File::Session.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Transition.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Constant::Base.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::AnyInflate.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/diagnostics.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Util.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::JustPod.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Hash::NamedCapture.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::CBuilder.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Render.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::Perl.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::Collate.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IPC::Cmd.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Liblist.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Fcntl.3.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Debug.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::YAMLish::Writer.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Escapes.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigFloat.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Seekable.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Poll.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Spec.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::LangTags.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Netrc.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Compress::Deflate.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::PL2Bat.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::Inflate.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/FindBin.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Aggregator.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::IteratorFactory.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/English.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Env.3.gz                          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Plugin::Specfile.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket::INET.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Scalar.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Filter::Util::Call.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Ping.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/feature.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Requirements.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Checker.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Assert.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Socket.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::base.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_DOS.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Encoder.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Devel::PPPort.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B.3.gz                            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SDBM_File.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_AIX.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/encoding::warnings.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Find.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Generic.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Hash::Util.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Safe.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::Executable.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Nox.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Subclassing.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult::Squasher.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Formatter.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::LangTags::List.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bytes.3.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/overloading.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator::Stream.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Archive::Tar.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Usage.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Uncompress::AnyUncompress.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_VMS.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::IPC::Driver::Files.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Subtest.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt::FastCalc.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Fatal.3.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Info.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::Seconds.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Op_private.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::Builder::TodoDiag.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Compress::Raw::Zlib.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParserTextToken.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Time::tm.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/AnyDBM_File.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Alias.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::NNTP.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Locale.3.gz  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Unicode::UCD.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::Instance.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::mmap.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Trace.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Ok.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/O.3.gz                            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::null.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_UWIN.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::Hash.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Deparse.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::hostent.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/sort.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::GlobMapper.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Typemaps::InputMap.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/charnames.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::CN::HZ.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Validator.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::PullParser.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::History::Meta_1_1.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/B::Terse.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::via::QuotedPrint.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::Base.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Error.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Locale::Maketext::Cookbook.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Guess.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::PerlIO.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::DosGlob.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::Handle.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::V2.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Select.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tie::SubstrHash.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::int32.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Mksymlists.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Internals.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::RTF.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::SHA.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Text::Wrap.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::MD5.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bigfloat.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/parent.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/UNIVERSAL.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Formatter::File.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/PerlIO::via.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::Parent.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ops.3.gz                          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/version.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/List::Util::XS.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Digest::file.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::JP::JIS7.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Memoize::ExpireTest.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Queue.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigRat.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::DumpAsXML.3.gz       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Module::CoreList::Utils.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Supported.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Event::Skip.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Methody.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::DumpAsText.3.gz      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToText.3.gz         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::Config.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Parse::CPAN::Meta.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::Config.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Miniperl.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Any.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/I18N::Langinfo.3.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Harness::Env.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::Epoc.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Iterator.3.gz        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/IO::Zlib.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::ResultFactory.3.gz   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Getopt::Std.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::Tools::Tiny.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Errno.3.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MakeMaker.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SelectSaver.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::Embed.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::MIME::Name.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bigint.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToTk.3.gz           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/App::Cpan.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API::InterceptResult::Hub.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Simple::Text.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Perldoc::ToXml.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/autouse.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Pod::Man.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::KR.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::API.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Test.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ok.3.gz                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBM_Filter::utf8.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/sigtrap.3.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Benchmark.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test2::EventFacet::About.3.gz     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Sub::Util.3.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Opcode.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Math::BigInt.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Tarzip.3.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/User::grent.3.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/JSON::PP::Boolean.3.gz            perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Result::Plan.3.gz    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_OS2.3.gz             perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::More.3.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/File::Spec::VMS.3.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/bignum.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Encode::KR::2022_KR.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::Scheduler::Spinner.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Test::use::ok.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Net::protoent.3.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/JSON::PP.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TAP::Parser::SourceHandler::RawTAP.3.gz perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Exporter.3.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ExtUtils::MM_Cygwin.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/vmsish.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/base.3.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/strict.3.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/CPAN::Meta::Prereqs.3.gz          perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlthanks.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5240delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlobj.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlform.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlqnx.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsolaris.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlref.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/shasum.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlexperiment.1.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq4.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl581delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpacktut.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptardiff.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlnewmod.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/splain.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlretut.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhacktut.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perliol.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptargrep.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltoc.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhurd.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldelta.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/encguess.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl56delta.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsyn.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlamiga.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5142delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbook.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5141delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlintern.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq9.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/json_pp.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlclib.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfilter.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5300delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlembed.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5221delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsource.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5124delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5181delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcn.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5244delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreapi.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlop.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmodstyle.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlopenbsd.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpragma.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5122delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlperf.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl582delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlos390.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/enc2xs.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5184delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunicook.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2man.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5140delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5223delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlgit.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5302delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5224delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltooc.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlvms.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhpux.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptar.1.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5163delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrepository.1.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreftut.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlos2.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq7.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perluniprops.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq2.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlxstypemap.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhist.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbs2000.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlko.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfreebsd.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5243delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5160delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpod.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlvar.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlapi.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5361delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltoot.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllinux.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2html.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldbmfilter.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5201delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5360delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltrap.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllocale.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/libnetcfg.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq3.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlopentut.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl58delta.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlglossary.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmod.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfork.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlapio.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlre.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmodlib.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5100delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5222delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5340delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlirix.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhack.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5182delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlinterp.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/instmodsh.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl588delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldata.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/podchecker.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5144delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlaix.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlriscos.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldebug.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldeprecation.1.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/piconv.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldebguts.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5261delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlebcdic.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5202delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreref.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl583delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perluniintro.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5200delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlnumber.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldocstyle.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldoc.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlootut.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcheat.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5203delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5262delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrebackslash.1.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlipc.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunifaq.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq6.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5283delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunitut.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsub.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllol.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq5.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl.1.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/corelist.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlstyle.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlthrtut.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq1.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpodspec.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perllexwarn.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5341delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlxstut.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcygwin.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlartistic.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldebtut.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlplan9.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/h2xs.1.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl561delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsynology.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlandroid.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcall.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xsubpp.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlutil.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbot.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlxs.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl585delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldtrace.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pl2pm.1.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlcommunity.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmroapi.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5282delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltru64.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5242delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlwin32.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5301delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlboot.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl589delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5161delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsec.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfunc.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrecharclass.1.gz              perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5125delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2text.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldsc.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltodo.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5260delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlsecpolicy.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlvos.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perljp.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrequick.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlrun.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5281delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5241delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhaiku.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perldiag.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5280delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlivp.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pod2usage.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmodinstall.1.gz               perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlgov.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlintro.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlguts.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5005delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5180delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlmacosx.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5321delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlreguts.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlbug.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlgpl.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlos400.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlfaq8.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5101delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5120delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5220delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltie.1.gz                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl586delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5143delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/streamzip.1.gz                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlhacktips.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5162delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zipdetails.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perltw.1.gz                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/prove.1.gz                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5004delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5320delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpolicy.1.gz                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5121delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/h2ph.1.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cpan.1.gz                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlpodstyle.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl587delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlunicode.1.gz                  perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5263delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perlport.1.gz                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5123delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl584delta.1.gz                 perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/perl5303delta.1.gz                perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/perl/LICENSE                           perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/perl                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/corelist                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/h2ph                                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/shasum                                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/prove                                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/perldoc                                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/piconv                                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/json_pp                                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/splain                                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pl2pm                                        perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cpan                                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zipdetails                                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/perlivp                                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/instmodsh                                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/libnetcfg                                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ptargrep                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pod2usage                                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pod2text                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xsubpp                                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ptardiff                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/streamzip                                    perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/h2xs                                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/perlthanks                                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/encguess                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/perl                                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/perlbug                                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/enc2xs                                       perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pod2html                                     perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pod2man                                      perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/podchecker                                   perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ptar                                         perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/pinentry.info                         pinentry
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/pinentry/LICENSE                       pinentry
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pinentry                                     pinentry
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pinentry-tty                                 pinentry
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pinentry-curses                              pinentry
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libprocps.a                                  procps-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libprocps.la                                 procps-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libprocps.so                                 procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libprocps.pc                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/vmstat.8.gz                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/sysctl.8.gz                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/sysctl.conf.5.gz                  procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/readproc.3.gz                     procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/openproc.3.gz                     procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/readproctab.3.gz                  procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/uptime.1.gz                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwdx.1.gz                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/watch.1.gz                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pmap.1.gz                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ps.1.gz                           procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/free.1.gz                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwait.1.gz                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tload.1.gz                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/procps.1.gz                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pgrep.1.gz                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pidof.1.gz                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pkill.1.gz                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/procps-ng/bugs.md                      procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/procps-ng/FAQ                          procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/procps/LICENSE                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/whattime.h                          procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/wchan.h                             procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/sysinfo.h                           procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/slab.h                              procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/sig.h                               procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/procps.h                            procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/alloc.h                             procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/devname.h                           procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/pwcache.h                           procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/escape.h                            procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/numa.h                              procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/readproc.h                          procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/proc/version.h                           procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pgrep                                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pwait                                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pidof                                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uptime                                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ps                                           procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tload                                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/watch                                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pwdx                                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sysctl                                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pkill                                        procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/free                                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/vmstat                                       procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pmap                                         procps
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/proot/loader                             proot
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/proot/loader32                           proot
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/proot.1.gz                        proot
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/proot/LICENSE                          proot
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/proot                                        proot
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/termux-chroot                                proot
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/peekfd.1.gz                       psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/fuser.1.gz                        psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pstree.1.gz                       psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/killall.1.gz                      psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/pslog.1.gz                        psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/prtstat.1.gz                      psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/psmisc/LICENSE                         psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/killall                                      psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/prtstat                                      psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/peekfd                                       psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pstree                                       psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fuser                                        psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pslog                                        psmisc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/libpython3.11.a       python-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/filedialog.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/commondialog.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/colorchooser.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/font.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/ttk.py                    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__main__.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/dialog.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/tix.py                    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/__init__.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/messagebox.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/simpledialog.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/dnd.py                    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/scrolledtext.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tkinter/constants.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtle.py                         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_tkinter.cpython-311.so python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/bytedesign.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/planet_and_moon.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/fractalcurves.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/lindenmayer.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/colormixer.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/round_dance.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__main__.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/tree.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/rosette.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/minimal_hanoi.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/peace.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/two_canvases.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/clock.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/nim.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/forest.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/__init__.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/turtle.cfg             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/penrose.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/paint.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/sorting_animate.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/chaos.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/turtledemo/yinyang.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/calltip_w.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/redirector.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/util.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/dynoption.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-keys.def           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/pathbrowser.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/editor.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/autocomplete_w.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/rpc.py                    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/configdialog.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-highlight.def      python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/searchbase.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/calltip.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config_key.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/scrolledlist.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/delegator.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/zzdummy.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/search.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/macosx.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/zoomheight.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/outwin.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/squeezer.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-main.def           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/undo.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/README.txt                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config-extensions.def     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/textview.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/sidebar.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/pyshell.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_pyparse.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_configdialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/template.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_autoexpand.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_filelist.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_textview.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_zoomheight.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_stackviewer.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_scrolledlist.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugobj_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_tooltip.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_undo.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_search.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_config.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_codecontext.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_pathbrowser.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_window.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_editor.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/README.txt      python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_rpc.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_editmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_mainmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/tkinter_testing_utils.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_multicall.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_iomenu.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_config_key.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_searchbase.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_warning.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_outwin.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_help_about.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_tree.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugger.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_sidebar.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/example_noext   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_runscript.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/mock_idle.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_calltip.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/htest.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_browser.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_colorizer.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_percolator.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_redirector.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_calltip_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/mock_tk.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_autocomplete.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_grep.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/__init__.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_pyshell.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugobj.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_autocomplete_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_hyperparser.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_format.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_statusbar.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_util.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_searchengine.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_query.py   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_macosx.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_replace.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugger_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_zzdummy.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_history.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_parenmatch.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_delegator.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/example_stub.pyi python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_text.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_help.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_run.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle_test/test_squeezer.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/tooltip.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/pyparse.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/colorizer.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__main__.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/NEWS2x.txt                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/autocomplete.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/tree.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/replace.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/browser.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/NEWS.txt                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/mainmenu.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugobj_r.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/extend.txt                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/searchengine.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-311.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/format.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/parenmatch.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/hyperparser.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/percolator.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/help_about.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/__init__.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/codecontext.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugger_r.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/HISTORY.txt               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/history.py                python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugobj.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/config.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/filelist.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/TODO.txt                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/autoexpand.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/iomenu.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/statusbar.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/tk.gif              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/minusnode.gif       python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/README.txt          python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_32.gif         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_32.png         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/python.gif          python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_48.gif         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/openfolder.gif      python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_256.png        python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_16.gif         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle.ico            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_16.png         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/idle_48.png         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/plusnode.gif        python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/Icons/folder.gif          python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/window.py                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/multicall.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/CREDITS.txt               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle.pyw                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/stackviewer.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/query.py                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle.bat                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/grep.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/idle.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/ChangeLog                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/debugger.py               python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/help.py                   python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/help.html                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/runscript.py              python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/idlelib/run.py                    python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/idle3.11                                     python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/idle                                         python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/idle3                                        python-tkinter
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpython3.so                                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpython3.11.so                             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libpython3.11.so.1.0                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python-3.11-embed.pc               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python3.pc                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python3-embed.pc                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python-3.11.pc                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cmd.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/bz2.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/mimetypes.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/token.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/quopri.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pty.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/keyword.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/shutil.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/LICENSE.txt                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/getopt.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/base64.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/trace.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/_endian.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/util.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/wintypes.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/_aix.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/__init__.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/fetch_macholib.bat python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/framework.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/dylib.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/__init__.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/dyld.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/fetch_macholib    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ctypes/macholib/README.ctypes     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ftplib.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/crypt.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/decimal.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/_tzpath.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/_zoneinfo.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/_common.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zoneinfo/__init__.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pipes.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zipfile.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/dbapi2.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/dump.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sqlite3/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/smtpd.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/signal.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/runpy.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/stat.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_compiler.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_casefix.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_parser.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/_constants.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/re/__init__.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/traceback.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/iterators.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/generator.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_header_value_parser.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/utils.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/architecture.rst            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/base64mime.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/errors.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/message.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/quoprimime.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/charset.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/encoders.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/feedparser.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/image.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/message.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/text.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/base.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/multipart.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/nonmultipart.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/__init__.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/application.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/mime/audio.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/headerregistry.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/header.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/parser.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/contentmanager.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_parseaddr.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/__init__.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_encoded_words.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/policy.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/email/_policybase.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/csv.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/util.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/handlers.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/types.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/simple_server.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/headers.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wsgiref/validate.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pkgutil.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/os.py                             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/io.py                             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/spam.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__phello__/__init__.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tabnanny.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/heapq.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/textwrap.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/abc.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/getpass.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/socket.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/entities.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/parser.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/html/__init__.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/modulefinder.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_compat_pickle.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ssl.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asynchat.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/imp.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/filecmp.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_aix_support.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/bisect.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/mailbox.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/fnmatch.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/locale.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/posixpath.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/symtable.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lzma.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/posix/activate.fish  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/posix/activate.csh   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/common/Activate.ps1  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/scripts/common/activate      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__main__.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/venv/__init__.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/_parser.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/_re.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tomllib/_types.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/webbrowser.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/mailcap.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pstats.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zipapp.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/contextvars.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/configparser.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/cookiejar.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/__init__.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/cookies.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/client.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/http/server.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/secrets.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/threading.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_bootsubprocess.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/streams.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/runners.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/windows_events.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/taskgroups.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/tasks.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/events.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/coroutines.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/futures.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/unix_events.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/windows_utils.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/trsock.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/protocols.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/exceptions.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_futures.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__main__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/queues.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/subprocess.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/staggered.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/threads.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_subprocess.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_events.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/mixins.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/transports.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/timeouts.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/log.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/sslproto.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/locks.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/proactor_events.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/format_helpers.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/selector_events.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/constants.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncio/base_tasks.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pathlib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/poplib.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_weakrefset.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ast.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/codeop.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__future__.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixer_base.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/PatternGrammar3.11.0.candidate.1.pickle python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pygram.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixer_util.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__main__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/main.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/Grammar3.11.0.candidate.1.pickle python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/Grammar.txt               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pytree.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_input.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_isinstance.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_buffer.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_raise.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_idioms.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_nonzero.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_reload.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_ne.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_sys_exc.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_metaclass.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_tuple_params.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_imports2.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_operator.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_exitfunc.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_unicode.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_asserts.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_urllib.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_intern.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_apply.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_standarderror.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_throw.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_set_literal.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_numliterals.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_execfile.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_paren.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_long.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_ws_comma.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_imports.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_map.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_basestring.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_xreadlines.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_repr.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_types.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_print.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_renames.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_future.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/__init__.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_import.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_raw_input.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_methodattrs.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_getcwdu.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_reduce.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_itertools.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_zip.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_except.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_next.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_filter.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_has_key.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_dict.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_xrange.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_funcattrs.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_itertools_imports.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/fixes/fix_exec.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/refactor.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/btm_matcher.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/token.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/pgen.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/tokenize.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/literals.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/parse.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/conv.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/__init__.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/grammar.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/pgen2/driver.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/btm_utils.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/patcomp.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib2to3/PatternGrammar.txt        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/graphlib.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/runner.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/util.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/async_case.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/loader.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/signals.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/_log.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__main__.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/main.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/case.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/__init__.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/result.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/suite.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/unittest/mock.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__main__.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/__init__.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ensurepip/_uninstall.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pyclbr.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pickletools.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pdb.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/typing.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tty.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tempfile.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/xmlreader.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/_exceptions.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/expatreader.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/saxutils.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/sax/handler.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/pulldom.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/minicompat.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/xmlbuilder.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/minidom.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/domreg.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/expatbuilder.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/dom/NodeFilter.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/expat.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/parsers/__init__.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/__init__.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/ElementInclude.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/ElementPath.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/__init__.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/ElementTree.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xml/etree/cElementTree.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/rlcompleter.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/contextlib.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/nntplib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_sysconfigdata__linux_.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/copyreg.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ipaddress.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/util.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/_bootstrap_external.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/abc.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/_bootstrap.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/simple.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_itertools.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/abc.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/simple.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_common.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/readers.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/__init__.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_legacy.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/resources/_adapters.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/readers.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_text.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_itertools.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/__init__.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_collections.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_adapters.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_functools.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/metadata/_meta.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/__init__.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/machinery.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/importlib/_abc.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dataclasses.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/difflib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/copy.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/telnetlib.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/__init__.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/client.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xmlrpc/server.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/this.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/weakref.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/py_compile.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/selectors.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/platform.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cgi.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/gzip.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dis.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__hello__.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/operator.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/genericpath.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/subprocess.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/zipimport.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/calendar.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/ntpath.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/abc.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/collections/__init__.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/chunk.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/stringprep.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/shelve.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tokenize.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_collections_abc.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/optparse.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/socketserver.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/robotparser.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/request.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/response.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/parse.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/__init__.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/urllib/error.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tarfile.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/__init__.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/process.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/_base.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/thread.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/concurrent/futures/__init__.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/_pydoc.css             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/topics.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pydoc_data/__init__.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/profile.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_curses_panel.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/syslog.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/xxlimited_35.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/cmath.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testimportmultiple.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_decimal.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_contextvars.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_tw.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/binascii.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_blake2.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_hashlib.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_lsprof.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha1.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testmultiphase.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_multibytecodec.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_posixshmem.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/select.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/fcntl.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/pyexpat.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_typing.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testbuffer.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_multiprocessing.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_elementtree.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_zoneinfo.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_dbm.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_socket.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testclinic.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_json.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_ssl.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_queue.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_xxtestfuzz.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_md5.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_hk.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/termios.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_csv.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/audioop.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_curses.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_jp.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_bz2.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_lzma.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_iso2022.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_heapq.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha256.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/mmap.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/resource.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/readline.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_statistics.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_kr.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_struct.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testinternalcapi.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_uuid.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/array.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/xxlimited.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_codecs_cn.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/unicodedata.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/grp.cpython-311.so    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_testcapi.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_random.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/math.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_gdbm.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha512.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_datetime.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sqlite3.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_bisect.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_opcode.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/zlib.cpython-311.so   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_ctypes_test.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/ossaudiodev.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_sha3.cpython-311.so  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_xxsubinterpreters.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_pickle.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_crypt.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_ctypes.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_asyncio.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/lib-dynload/_posixsubprocess.cpython-311.so python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/glob.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/warnings.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/types.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/datetime.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dis.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socket.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/operator.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_bootsubprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/operator.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pty.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/os.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dis.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sched.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sched.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/random.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/typing.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/string.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtpd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/this.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ast.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socket.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/csv.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/platform.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/signal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/site.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/signal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/struct.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/profile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/base64.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/threading.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ast.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/site.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tty.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/trace.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asynchat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/random.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asyncore.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/csv.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copy.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/enum.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/signal.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asynchat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/locale.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtpd.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/wave.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/trace.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/trace.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/threading.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/io.cpython-311.pyc    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/typing.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_bootsubprocess.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pty.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/locale.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/string.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/platform.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/code.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/base64.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asynchat.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tty.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tty.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imp.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pty.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sched.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stat.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/code.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_bootsubprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socket.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/code.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asyncore.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/locale.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/site.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/enum.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/wave.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/csv.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/base64.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/platform.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uu.cpython-311.pyc    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stat.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/profile.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtpd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/threading.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copy.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/typing.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/struct.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/asyncore.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/this.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/io.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copy.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/os.cpython-311.pyc    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/types.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/random.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/stat.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/struct.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/zipfile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/profile.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/os.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/this.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/enum.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/wave.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/operator.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/string.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-311.pyc  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/ast.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/io.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/__pycache__/dis.cpython-311.pyc   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/numbers.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/reduction.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_forkserver.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/util.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/forkserver.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/sharedctypes.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_spawn_posix.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_spawn_win32.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/context.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/heap.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/process.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/connection.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/dummy/__init__.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/queues.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/connection.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/spawn.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/shared_memory.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/synchronize.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/__init__.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/pool.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/resource_sharer.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/resource_tracker.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/popen_fork.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/multiprocessing/managers.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/fractions.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_osx_support.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/queue.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/asyncore.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/code.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/plistlib.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/xdrlib.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_strptime.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_sitebuiltins.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/struct.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sre_compile.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/README.txt          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/nturl2path.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/imaplib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/random.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pprint.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cProfile.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/decoder.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/encoder.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/scanner.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/__init__.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/json/tool.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/big5.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp932.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/quopri_codec.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/aliases.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1250.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/ptcp154.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp862.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/gb2312.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp858.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/palmos.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp950.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_13.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1026.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_ext.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_jis_2004.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/ascii.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_roman.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_kr.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_romanian.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_14.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp720.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/rot_13.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_32_be.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_2004.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1125.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp861.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/tis_620.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_3.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/koi8_r.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/uu_codec.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/koi8_u.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp863.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_1.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1251.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/gbk.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_8.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/hp_roman8.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp437.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_croatian.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1258.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/shift_jisx0213.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp856.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1257.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_16_le.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp864.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/punycode.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_8.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/hex_codec.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mbcs.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_11.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1255.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_cyrillic.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_9.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_iceland.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp037.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_7.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/undefined.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp857.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_32_le.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/big5hkscs.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp850.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_turkish.py          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_jisx0213.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1256.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/base64_codec.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp860.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp500.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp869.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_16.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_3.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1252.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/kz1048.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp737.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_6.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_kr.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/euc_jp.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp866.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/bz2_codec.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_1.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/johab.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_4.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/unicode_escape.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp875.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_2.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp855.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/charmap.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_16_be.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_greek.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp775.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp852.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/hz.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_arabic.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/__init__.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/oem.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1253.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp949.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp_2.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/raw_unicode_escape.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_5.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso2022_jp.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/shift_jis.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_32.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_16.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp865.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/zlib_codec.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_7.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_15.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/utf_8_sig.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1254.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/iso8859_10.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp874.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_farsi.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/koi8_t.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1140.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/latin_1.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp424.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp273.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/mac_latin2.py           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/cp1006.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/gb18030.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/shift_jis_2004.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/encodings/idna.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/handlers.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/__init__.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/logging/config.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/textpad.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/ascii.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/panel.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/__init__.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/curses/has_key.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/hashlib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sunau.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/opcode.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/shlex.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/gettext.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/fileinput.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/enum.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/bdb.py                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/hmac.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/string.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sysconfig.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/__init__.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/ndbm.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/gnu.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/dbm/dumb.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/netrc.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/timeit.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/colorsys.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sre_constants.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_markupbase.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/smtplib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/argparse.py                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_pyio.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sre_parse.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_pydecimal.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/aifc.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sched.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/compileall.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_compression.py                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/inspect.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/linecache.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/cgitb.py                          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/wave.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/reprlib.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/codecs.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/pickle.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/doctest.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/uu.py                             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/statistics.py                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/functools.py                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/imghdr.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_py_abc.py                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/_threading_local.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup.local           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/config.c.in           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/python.o              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/python-config.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/install-sh            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/config.c              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Makefile              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup.stdlib          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/makesetup             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/config-3.11/Setup.bootstrap       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/cmd.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/util.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/msvc9compiler.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/file_util.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/archive_util.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/fancy_getopt.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/_msvccompiler.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/versionpredicate.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/errors.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_py.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/command_template python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_lib.py  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_egg_info.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/check.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_data.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/bdist_dumb.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_clib.py   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/register.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_scripts.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/bdist_rpm.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/sdist.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_scripts.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/upload.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/__init__.py     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/build_ext.py    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/install_headers.py python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/config.py       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/clean.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/command/bdist.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/debug.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/ccompiler.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/cygwinccompiler.py      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/dir_util.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/unixccompiler.py        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/bcppcompiler.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/text_file.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/spawn.py                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/version.py              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/__init__.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/log.py                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/dist.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/config.py               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/sysconfig.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/filelist.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/extension.py            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/dep_util.py             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/msvccompiler.py         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/README                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/distutils/core.py                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/tracemalloc.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/antigravity.py                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/sndhdr.py                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/uuid.py                           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/python3.1.gz                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/python3.11.1.gz                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/python.1.gz                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/python/LICENSE                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/abstract.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/osmodule.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/token.h                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/iterobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/dictobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pydtrace.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/opcode.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pythonrun.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_hashtable.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_floatobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_function.h    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_abstract.h    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_atomic_funcs.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_unionobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_long.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pyhash.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_hamt.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_interpreteridobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_genobject.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_global_strings.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_format.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_dtoa.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_context.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_getopt.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_exceptions.h  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_bitutils.h    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pyerrors.h    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pyarena.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_runtime.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_gil.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_warnings.h    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_atomic.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_typeobject.h  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_dict.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_accu.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_symtable.h    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_emscripten_signal.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pathconfig.h  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_sysmodule.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pylifecycle.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ast_state.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_opcode.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pystate.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_object.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ast.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_interp.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_import.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_asdl.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pymath.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_blocks_output_buffer.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_tuple.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_traceback.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_gc.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_fileutils.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ucnhash.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_pymem.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_runtime_init.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_global_objects.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_moduleobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_unicodeobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_list.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_signal.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_bytesobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_bytes_methods.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_condvar.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_namespace.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_frame.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_initconfig.h  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_structseq.h   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_sliceobject.h python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_strhex.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_compile.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_parser.h      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_ceval.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_code.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/internal/pycore_call.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pycapsule.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/memoryobject.h                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pytypedefs.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/structmember.h                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/errcode.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/object.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/sliceobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/boolobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/datetime.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/descrobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/moduleobject.h                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymacconfig.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pythread.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyerrors.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/Python.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyexpat.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/py_curses.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/complexobject.h               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymath.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pylifecycle.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/unicodeobject.h               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/patchlevel.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/objimpl.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/typeslots.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/enumobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/bytearrayobject.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pystrcmp.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymem.h                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/bltinmodule.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/listobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/ceval.h                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/tracemalloc.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/dynamic_annotations.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/floatobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/compile.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyport.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/bytesobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/frameobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pystrtod.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/intrcheck.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/structseq.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pybuffer.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pystate.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/modsupport.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/genericaliasobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/osdefs.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyframe.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/fileobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/setobject.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/abstract.h            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/dictobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pythonrun.h           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/code.h                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/context.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/object.h              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyfpe.h               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/classobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/descrobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pythread.h            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyerrors.h            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pydebug.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyctype.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/longintrepr.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/complexobject.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pylifecycle.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/unicodeobject.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/objimpl.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/bytearrayobject.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pymem.h               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/listobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/ceval.h               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/genobject.h           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/funcobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/floatobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/compile.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/bytesobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/frameobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/picklebufobject.h     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pystate.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/initconfig.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/modsupport.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pytime.h              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pyframe.h             python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/fileobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/setobject.h           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/longobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/odictobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/import.h              python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/weakrefobject.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/sysmodule.h           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/cellobject.h          python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/methodobject.h        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/traceback.h           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/fileutils.h           python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/tupleobject.h         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/warnings.h            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/cpython/pthread_stubs.h       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/longobject.h                  python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/import.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/exports.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyhash.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/weakrefobject.h               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/sysmodule.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/methodobject.h                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/marshal.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/traceback.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/codecs.h                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/fileutils.h                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pyconfig.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/tupleobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/warnings.h                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/rangeobject.h                 python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/python3.11/pymacro.h                     python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/python3-config                               python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/python-config                                python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/python3.11-config                            python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/2to3-3.11                                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/python                                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pydoc3                                       python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pydoc3.11                                    python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pydoc                                        python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/python3                                      python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/2to3                                         python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/python3.11                                   python
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/unbound.py          pyunbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_unbound.so         pyunbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_unbound.la         pyunbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/pzstd                                        pzstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhistory.a                                 readline-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libreadline.a                                readline-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so                                readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8.2                            readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8.2                           readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8                              readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8                             readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/readline.pc                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/history.pc                         readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so                               readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/inputrc                                      readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/history.3.gz                      readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/readline.3.gz                     readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/rluserman.info                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/readline.info                         readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/history.info                          readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/readline/CHANGES                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/readline/INSTALL                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/readline/LICENSE                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/readline/README                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rlversion.c                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/excallback.c                      readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rlptytest.c                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rlbasic.c                         readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/hist_erasedups.c                  readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rl-callbacktest.c                 readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rlkeymaps.c                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rl-timeout.c                      readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/manexamp.c                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/hist_purgecmd.c                   readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rltest.c                          readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rl.c                              readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rlevent.c                         readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/histexamp.c                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rl-fgets.c                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/rlcat.c                           readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/readline/fileman.c                         readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/rlstdc.h                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/chardefs.h                      readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/readline.h                      readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/rlconf.h                        readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/tilde.h                         readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/rltypedefs.h                    readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/keymaps.h                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/readline/history.h                       readline
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/hosts                                        resolv-conf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/resolv.conf                                  resolv-conf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/resolv-conf/LICENSE                    resolv-conf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/scdaemon                                 scdaemon
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/scdaemon.1.gz                     scdaemon
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sed.1.gz                          sed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/sed.info                              sed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/sed/LICENSE                            sed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sed                                          sed
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libserf-1.a                                  serf-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libserf-1.so                                 serf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/serf-1.pc                          serf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/serf/LICENSE                           serf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/serf-1/serf.h                            serf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/serf-1/serf_bucket_util.h                serf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/serf-1/serf_bucket_types.h               serf
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/sqlite3.1.gz                      sqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/sqlite3                                      sqlite
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_swig_perl-1.a                         subversion-perl-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_swig_perl-1.la                        subversion-perl-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_swig_perl-1.so                        subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Fs/_Fs.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Repos/_Repos.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Client/_Client.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Wc/_Wc.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Ra/_Ra.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Core/_Core.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Core/.packlist subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/auto/SVN/_Delta/_Delta.so subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Base.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Core.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Client.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Delta.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Ra.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Repos.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Fs.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/perl5/site_perl/5.36.1/aarch64-android/SVN/Wc.pm subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Wc.3pm.gz                    subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Client.3pm.gz                subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Repos.3pm.gz                 subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Fs.3pm.gz                    subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Delta.3pm.gz                 subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Ra.3pm.gz                    subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Core.3pm.gz                  subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/SVN::Base.3pm.gz                  subversion-perl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_client-1.la                           subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_serf-1.a                           subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_delta-1.a                             subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_diff-1.la                             subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_svn-1.la                           subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_x-1.a                              subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_repos-1.a                             subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_svn-1.a                            subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_serf-1.la                          subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_x-1.la                             subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_subr-1.a                              subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_fs-1.a                             subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_util-1.la                          subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_delta-1.la                            subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_diff-1.a                              subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra-1.la                               subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_client-1.a                            subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra-1.a                                subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs-1.a                                subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_local-1.la                         subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_fs-1.la                            subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs-1.la                               subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_wc-1.a                                subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_util-1.a                           subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_repos-1.la                            subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_subr-1.la                             subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_wc-1.la                               subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_local-1.a                          subversion-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_wc-1.so                               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_repos-1.so                            subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_x-1.so                             subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_svn-1.so                           subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_subr-1.so                             subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_local-1.so                         subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra_serf-1.so                          subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_ra-1.so                               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_client-1.so                           subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs-1.so                               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_delta-1.so                            subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_util-1.so                          subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_diff-1.so                             subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsvn_fs_fs-1.so                            subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/svnserve.8.gz                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/svnserve.conf.5.gz                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svnrdump.1.gz                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svnversion.1.gz                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svnsync.1.gz                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svndumpfilter.1.gz                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svn.1.gz                          subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svnadmin.1.gz                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svnlook.1.gz                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/svnmucc.1.gz                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/subversion/LICENSE                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_fs_fs.pc                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_client.pc                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_wc.pc                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_fs_x.pc                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_ra_local.pc               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_subr.pc                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_repos.pc                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_ra_serf.pc                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_fs.pc                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_delta.pc                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_ra.pc                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_fs_util.pc                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_ra_svn.pc                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/libsvn_diff.pc                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_string.h                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_error_codes.h           subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_cmdline.h               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_opt.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_config.h                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_error.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_checksum.h              subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_cache_config.h          subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_utf.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/mod_dav_svn.h               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_ra_svn.h                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_iter.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_types_impl.h            subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/mod_authz_svn.h             subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_props.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_version.h               subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_mergeinfo.h             subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_base64.h                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_dirent_uri.h            subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_path.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_hash.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_compat.h                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_quoprint.h              subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_delta.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_sorts.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_x509.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_subst.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_wc.h                    subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_md5.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_xml.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_time.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_fs.h                    subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_pools.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn-revision.txt            subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_opt_impl.h              subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_client.h                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_io.h                    subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_ctype.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_user.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_dso.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_repos.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_auth.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_types.h                 subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_dav.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_diff.h                  subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_nls.h                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/subversion-1/svn_ra.h                    subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnbench                                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnsync                                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnversion                                   subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnserve                                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnrdump                                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnlook                                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svndumpfilter                                subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnmucc                                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnadmin                                     subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svnfsfs                                      subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/svn                                          subversion
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/libexec/rmt                                      tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/rmt.8.gz                          tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tar.1.gz                          tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-1                            tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-2                            tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/tar.info                              tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tar/LICENSE                            tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tar                                          tar
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.5/tdbcmysql.tcl                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.5/libtdbcmysql1.1.5.so          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.8/libthread2.8.8.so                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.8/ttrace.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.8/pkgIndex.tcl                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tclConfig.sh                                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/word.tcl                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/http1.0/http.tcl                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/http1.0/pkgIndex.tcl                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/package.tcl                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tclAppInit.c                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/init.tcl                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/safe.tcl                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tm.tcl                                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/th.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/he.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/id.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hi.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/af_za.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pe.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/id_id.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nl.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sk.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ja.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_hn.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_bo.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ru.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sw.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eo.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_lb.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kl_gl.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nn.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/te.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mk.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sr.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_do.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gv.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_be.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kok_in.msg                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/af.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_sy.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ni.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mt.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_hk.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_za.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ga.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/be.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sv.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/is.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pa.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kl.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_zw.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fo.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_cr.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gl.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kw.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bg.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ta.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ko.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nb.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mr_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bn.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_sg.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_au.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sl.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_be.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_mx.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_bw.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ie.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pr.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de_be.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_cl.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/it_ch.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hu.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ar.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sq.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/el.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_co.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa_ir.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ta_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_sg.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pl.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kw_gb.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/lv.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ga_ie.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ca.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_gb.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fo_fo.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ko_kr.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nl_be.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_jo.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/et.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_nz.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/da.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mr.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kok.msg                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ms_my.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/vi.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hr.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/it.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ve.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sh.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/uk.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/te_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bn_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_uy.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pt_br.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ms.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de_at.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/cs.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_hk.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ec.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_gt.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ro.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fi.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gl_es.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/tr.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ph.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eu.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ru_ua.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_ch.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hi_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pt.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gv_gb.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_cn.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eu_es.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ca.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_py.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_in.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/lt.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_sv.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_ca.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de.msg                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_tw.msg                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/history.tcl                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/parray.tcl                            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/auto.tcl                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/clock.tcl                             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cns11643.enc                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-13.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-5.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1256.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-6.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCyrillic.enc              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ebcdic.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp866.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0201.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macRomania.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022-jp.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022-kr.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp932.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp861.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-2.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1257.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-11.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0208.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1254.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1252.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1250.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-jp.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1251.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/koi8-u.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp869.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp864.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-kr.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macIceland.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-15.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macTurkish.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1253.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/koi8-r.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp863.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp950.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp949.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp862.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macDingbats.enc              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCentEuro.enc              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb12345.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0212.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-10.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ksc5601.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-cn.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-8.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-4.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-14.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb2312.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp936.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp860.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ascii.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp852.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/shiftjis.enc                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macRoman.enc                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-16.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-7.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1255.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp737.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp437.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp855.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macJapan.enc                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp857.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp775.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macThai.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-3.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp865.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp850.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macGreek.enc                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/tis-620.enc                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb2312-raw.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-9.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp874.enc                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1258.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/symbol.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-1.enc                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/big5.enc                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb1988.enc                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/dingbats.enc                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCroatian.enc              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macUkraine.enc               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tclIndex                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/opt0.4/optparse.tcl                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/opt0.4/pkgIndex.tcl                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.6/tdbc/sqlite3-1.1.5.tm               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.6/http-2.9.8.tm                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.4/platform/shell-1.1.4.tm             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.4/platform-1.0.19.tm                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.5/msgcat-1.6.1.tm                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.5/tcltest-2.5.5.tm                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtcl8.6.so                                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.5/libtdbcodbc1.1.5.so            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.5/tdbcodbc.tcl                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.5/tdbcpostgres.tcl           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.5/libtdbcpostgres1.1.5.so    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtclstub8.6.a                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tclooConfig.sh                               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tcl.pc                             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/libitcl4.2.3.so                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itclHullCmds.tcl                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itclWidget.tcl                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/libitclstub4.2.3.a                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itclConfig.sh                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/itcl.tcl                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.3/pkgIndex.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/libtdbc1.1.5.so                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/tdbc.tcl                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/libtdbcstub1.1.5.a                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/tdbcConfig.sh                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.5/pkgIndex.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetIntObj.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AddObjErrorInfo.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RestoreInterpState.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToLower.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelThread.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetSizeFromStat.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLink.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetGranularity.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OutputBuffered.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NotifyChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetLongObj.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprDouble.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SignalMsg.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseVar.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MainExW.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEnsemble.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateAliasObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ThreadQueueEvent.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibDeflate.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelBufferSize.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewByteArrayObj.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelClose2Proc.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ThreadAlert.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateSlave.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingSearchPath.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalTokensStandard.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectCommand.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetModeFromStat.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendPrintfToObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprObj.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenTcpServer.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfFindFirst.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IncrRefCount.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCloseHandler.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAccessTimeFromStat.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewUnicodeObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsShared.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateHashEntry.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StringMatch.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_JoinPath.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetByteArrayObj.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorCode.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AllowExceptions.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHashValue.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprBooleanObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExitThread.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Finalize.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectGetMethodNameMapper.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibAdler32.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncCreate.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WrongNumArgs.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharAtIndex.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleFlags.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptAlloc.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjLength.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjErrorCode.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EventuallyFree.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendResultVA.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewBignumObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindExecutable.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCurrentThread.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckrealloc.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetByteArrayFromObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/RegExp.3.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendExportList.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprLongObj.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleFlags.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeExceeded.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConcatObj.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfFindLast.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCopyFile.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpCompile.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ErrnoMsg.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjDone.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar2.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextSkippedArgs.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectSetMetadata.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindSymbol.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitCustomHashTable.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DumpActiveMemory.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectNamespace.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NextHashEntry.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectAsClass.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BackgroundException.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Eval.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewBooleanObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarEvalVA.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetSystemEncoding.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRAddCallback.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ErrnoId.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrStrings.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamGet.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncMark.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUtime.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelOption.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsPrint.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendToObj.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleSubcommandList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextObject.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OOInitStubs.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_HideCommand.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringStartSublist.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpGetInfo.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindHashEntry.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Main.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TransferResult.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Init.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Flush.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgPresentEx.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIntFromObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpExecObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToExternal.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStringResult.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LoadFile.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InvalidateStringRep.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetDoubleObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBlocksFromStat.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelMode.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpVar.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringEndSublist.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfCharComplete.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionWait.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetErrno.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgProvideEx.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetConstructor.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitObjHashTable.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewLongObj.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RecordAndEval.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSJoinToPath.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVersion.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewObj.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEvalFile.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelExisting.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarEval.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/attemptckrealloc.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleParameterList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodIsType.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Close.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DiscardResult.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSPathSeparator.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_QueueEvent.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjAppendList.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Canceled.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitCheck.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalEx.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CommandTraceInfo.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjRemoveKeyList.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ValidateAllMemory.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AllocStatBuf.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteEventSource.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringValue.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeReset.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendUnicodeToObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibCRC32.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetServiceMode.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindCommand.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetTranslatedPath.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharNcasecmp.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DoOneEvent.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEqualPaths.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateTrace.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextMethod.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncInvoke.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateExitHandler.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrno.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetAssocData.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterChannel.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalTokens.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendLimitedToObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetReturnOptions.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RecordAndEvalObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetTopChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRegister.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsSafe.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUpper.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsStandardChannel.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FinalizeThread.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar2Ex.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_JoinThread.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AlertNotifier.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/attemptckalloc.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprLong.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StaticPackage.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DuplicateObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenTcpClient.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteAssocData.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetErrorLine.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCallObjProc.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectName.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetGranularity.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsWordChar.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelInstanceData.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClearChannelHandlers.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExposeCommand.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToTitle.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WinUtfToTChar.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjReplace.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUniCharDString.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorLine.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InputBlocked.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendObjToErrorInfo.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Release.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BackgroundError.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnsetVar.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgProvide.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelOutputProc.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitAddHandler.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetPathType.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PanicVA.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelSetOptionProc.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelWideSeekProc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Realloc.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitNotifier.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjSize.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpExec.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteThreadExitHandler.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetRegExpFromObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WaitForEvent.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeParse.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelBuffered.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleSubcommandList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewStringObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FirstHashEntry.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassGetMetadata.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NREvalObj.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelGetHandleProc.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendStringsToObjVA.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Gets.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUpper.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectGetMetadata.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetInternalRep.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelVersion.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandInfoFromToken.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetMaxBlockTime.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjGet.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateThreadExitHandler.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjType.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharNcmp.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMemoryInfo.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckalloc.3.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Backslash.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringTrunc.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewObjectInstance.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceVar.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBignumFromObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSOpenFileChannel.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseQuotedString.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionFinalize.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DetachPids.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSSplitPath.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexLock.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAliasObj.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReadChars.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextIsFiltering.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetTranslatedStringPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Seek.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrsSet.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetHashValue.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CommandComplete.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjLength.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingFromObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetTimeProc.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateCommand.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToTitle.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingNameFromEnvironment.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DecrRefCount.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectSetMethodNameMapper.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteTimerHandler.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetLinkCountFromStat.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIndexFromObj.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitReady.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Free.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsControl.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetTime.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseCommand.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetInterpPath.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStartupScript.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSDeleteFile.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetTime.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SubstObj.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncReady.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteChannelHandler.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExternalToUtfDString.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterConfig.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorCodeVA.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DoWhenIdle.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsEnsemble.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeTcpClientChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CancelIdleCall.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamChecksum.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSMountsChanged.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeEncoding.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUtf.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateCloseHandler.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequire.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DontCallWhenDeleted.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetGroupIdFromStat.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertToType.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSAccess.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SignalId.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar2Ex.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateInterp.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetOpenFile.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCreateDirectory.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectFromObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarTraceInfo.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteEvents.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitHashTable.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelFlushProc.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetDestructor.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Concat.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharCaseMatch.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRenameFile.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetsObj.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Format.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendElement.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AddErrorInfo.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEventSource.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateMathFunc.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHashKey.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetClassAsObject.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToLower.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarTraceInfo2.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WaitPid.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewWideIntObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetNotifier.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TakeBignumFromObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelNames.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibInflate.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCmdSwap.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CutChannel.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelErrorInterp.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Tell.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetRange.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequireProc.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelError.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptRealloc.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenFileChannel.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetWideIntFromObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSMatchInDirectory.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseBraces.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprString.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelGetOptionProc.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamInit.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenCommandChannel.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCommandFromToken.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEncodingSearchPath.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetParent.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetServiceMode.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GlobalEvalObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteChars.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjResult.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBoolean.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CopyObjectInstance.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InterpActive.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsLower.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStdChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrsGet.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSJoinPath.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertCountedElement.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMaster.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamEof.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetMainLoop.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SaveInterpState.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSConvertToPathType.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexFinalize.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetCwd.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprBoolean.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Chdir.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseVarName.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckfree.3.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateAlias.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelWatchProc.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelError.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjGetVar2.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHostName.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelTruncateProc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendResult.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextInvokeNext.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteObj.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBooleanFromObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStringFromObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitMemory.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetPathType.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelThreadActionProc.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelOption.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceCommand.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjPrintf.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendStringsToObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DiscardInterpState.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStringObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ResetResult.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DetachChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodIsPublic.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewDoubleObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LinkVar.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar2.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamGetCommandName.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfPrev.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUnicode.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgPresent.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnstackChannel.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequireEx.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PrintDouble.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRemoveDirectory.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringInit.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeSet.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileSystemInfo.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReapDetachedProcs.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceEvent.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsUpper.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSNewNativePath.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingNames.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMathFuncInfo.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BadChannelOption.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelName.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteExitHandler.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalObjv.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUnregister.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCharLength.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendFormatToObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncoding.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniChar.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Notifier.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetWideIntObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateThread.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetGlobalNamespace.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetTime.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetListObj.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetNameOfExecutable.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpdateLinkedVar.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Access.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetCommandInfo.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetTimer.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetLongFromObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodName.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandFullName.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsDigit.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsAlpha.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StringCaseMatch.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjSetVar2.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNext.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetNamespaceUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SpliceChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjIndex.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleMappingDict.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelInputProc.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsGraph.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptSetObjLength.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetPanicProc.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLstat.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelName.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelHandle.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CancelEval.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetBignumObj.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStartupScript.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Stat.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUnicodeFromObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetString.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseExpr.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceVar2.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_QueryTimeProc.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionNotify.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelType.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ScanCountedElement.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannel.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterObjType.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetUnicodeObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelErrorInterp.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateTimerHandler.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChannelHandler.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpMatch.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewIntObj.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAlias.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetInt.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetNormalizedPath.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SplitList.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendAllObjTypes.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCopyDirectory.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CallWhenDeleted.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NumUtfChars.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandInfo.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StandardChannels.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIndexFromObjStruct.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteNamespace.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringSetLength.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDouble.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpRange.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsAlnum.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjPutKeyList.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChild.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUtfDString.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Eof.3.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStackedChannel.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetNamespaceUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_HashStats.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncDelete.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteTrace.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Merge.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TruncateChannel.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelBlockModeProc.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetExitProc.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUniChar.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Read.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsPunct.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateObjCommand.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelCloseProc.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FinalizeNotifier.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PosixError.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceAll.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodDeclarerObject.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamPut.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnregisterChannel.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprDoubleObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ForgetImport.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChild.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEncoding.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfBackslash.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetNativePath.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Interp.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelRegistered.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjResult.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MainEx.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBlockSizeFromStat.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WinTCharToUtf.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TranslateFileName.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelShared.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringGetResult.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDefaultEncodingDir.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendObjToObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringAppendElement.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingName.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleParameterList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Thread.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCwd.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringLength.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetFSDeviceFromStat.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetRecursionLimit.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalFile.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseArgsObjv.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RestoreResult.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReadRaw.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetResult.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUserIdFromStat.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLoadFile.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Import.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnsetVar2.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceVar2.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewInstanceMethod.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandFromObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewDictObj.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetCommands.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCreateCommand.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetByteArrayLength.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceVar.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringFree.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjGetElements.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSStat.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectDeleted.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateFileHandler.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamClose.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetCommandInfoFromToken.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewMethod.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeEnabled.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjFirst.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StackChannel.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAssocData.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNcasecmp.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetModificationTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodDeclarerClass.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetBooleanObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindNamespace.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetReturnOptions.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNcmp.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/TCL_MEM_DEBUG.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Preserve.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCurrentNamespace.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceCommand.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetSlave.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Sleep.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeResult.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateObjTrace.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringResult.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSListVolumes.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjRemove.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsSpace.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringAppend.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjNext.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelBufferSize.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PutEnv.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandName.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjPut.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEvalFileEx.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GlobalEval.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetMetadata.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceModeHook.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDoubleFromObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUnloadFile.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpMatchObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindEnsemble.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitRemoveHandler.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListMathFuncs.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpVar2.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetFSInodeFromStat.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Panic.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitStubs.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCommand.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleNamespace.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Export.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteHashEntry.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteInterp.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteHashTable.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSChdir.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleMappingDict.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharLen.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SourceRCFile.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeSafe.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetDefaultEncodingDir.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnlinkVar.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NREvalObjv.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChangeTimeFromStat.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjAppendElement.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Write.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStdChannel.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LogCommandInfo.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/DString.3.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfAtIndex.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitExceeded.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSData.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SplitPath.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InputBuffered.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUniChar.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Ungets.3.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexUnlock.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InterpDeleted.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateNamespace.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelHandlerProc.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Exit.3.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelNamesEx.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRExprObj.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewListObj.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeFileChannel.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToExternalDString.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ScanElement.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalObjEx.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertElement.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteRaw.3.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SaveResult.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteFileHandler.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelSeekProc.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetThreadData.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDeviceTypeFromStat.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExternalToUtf.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetCommands.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetFileSystemForPath.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppInit.3.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Alloc.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tdbc_Init.3.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tclsh.1.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_sqlite3.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/split.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lindex.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/after.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_class.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lreplace.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lrange.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkg_create.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/clock.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/socket.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_traceCompile.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/variable.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/is.n.gz                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/format.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/nextto.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_version.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/memory.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_mapSqlState.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ensemble.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/history.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/class.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/mathfunc.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcloption.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/packagens.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/my.n.gz                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/trace.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/configbody.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tsv.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/seek.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lset.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/unset.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_tokenize.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_odbc.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/return.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkg_mkIndex.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/info.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_path.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_objdefine.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_rcFileName.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_import.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/throw.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/bgerror.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/unknown.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/cd.n.gz                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/mathop.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_startOfPreviousWord.n.gz      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tpool.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/dde.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lsort.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_postgres.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pid.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/timerate.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/case.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/yieldto.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/concat.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/code.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/rename.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/errorCode.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/vwait.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/interp.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lsearch.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_reset.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/refchan.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/source.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclvars.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_mysql.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/exit.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/if.n.gz                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/fconfigure.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pwd.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/set.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/llength.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/platform_shell.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/join.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lappend.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/re_syntax.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/catch.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_execok.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/unload.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/array.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/yield.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/zlib.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_precision.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_mkindex.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/uplevel.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordBreakAfter.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_nonwordchars.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/continue.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/regsub.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/list.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/argv.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tell.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/fileevent.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_endOfWord.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/argc.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/incr.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tm.n.gz                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/gets.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_qualify.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/eval.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/string.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/transchan.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcldelegate.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/switch.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/http.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_define.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/break.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/load.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_platform.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclwidget.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/fblocked.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/apply.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/env.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tailcall.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/time.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/global.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/argv0.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/proc.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/while.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclcomponent.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/errorInfo.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/platform.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/scan.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/exec.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/delete.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/self.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_patchLevel.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/upvar.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_object.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/library.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/linsert.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/body.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_library.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/dict.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lreverse.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lmap.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/namespace.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/expr.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/close.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/regexp.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/subst.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/next.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/update.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_load.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_interactive.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/safe.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_startOfNextWord.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_findLibrary.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/flush.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/open.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/for.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/puts.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcl.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/msgcat.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_traceExec.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordBreakBefore.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/local.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_statement.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/find.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/fcopy.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/foreach.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclextendedclass.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/thread.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/scope.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/append.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/registry.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttrace.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_prefix.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_resultset.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcltest.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lassign.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_copy.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/parray.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lrepeat.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/file.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/eof.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/try.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/package.n.gz                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/filename.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/binary.n.gz                       tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/error.n.gz                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_pkgPath.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_connection.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkgMkIndex.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/encoding.n.gz                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/read.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/glob.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordchars.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/Tcl.n.gz                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/coroutine.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/chan.n.gz                         tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tcl/license.terms                      tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/fakepq.h                                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tdbcInt.h                                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itclTclIntStubsFcn.h                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclThread.h                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/odbcStubs.h                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itclDecls.h                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/mysqlStubs.h                             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclTomMathDecls.h                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclOO.h                                  tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclIntDecls.h                            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itcl2TclOO.h                             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/fakesql.h                                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclInt.h                                 tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/fakemysql.h                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclUnixPort.h                            tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclDecls.h                               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itclIntDecls.h                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclPlatDecls.h                           tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclIntPlatDecls.h                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclTomMath.h                             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclOODecls.h                             tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tdbc.h                                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclOOIntDecls.h                          tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itcl.h                                   tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/pqStubs.h                                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclOOInt.h                               tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itclMigrate2TclCore.h                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tdbcDecls.h                              tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/itclInt.h                                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tcl.h                                    tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tclPort.h                                tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tclsh                                        tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tclsh8.6                                     tcl
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/termux-am-socket/LICENSE               termux-am-socket
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/termux-am                                    termux-am-socket
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/termux-am-socket                             termux-am-socket
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtermux-exec.so                            termux-exec
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/termux-exec/LICENSE                    termux-exec
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtk.so                                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tkConfig.sh                                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtk8.6.so                                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libtkstub8.6.a                               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tk.pc                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/choosedir.tcl                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/focus.tcl                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/palette.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/safetk.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tearoff.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/fontchooser.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/spinbox.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/scale.tcl                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/obsolete.tcl                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/console.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo.eps                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logoMed.gif                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo200.gif                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo100.gif                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo75.gif                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo.eps                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/tai-ku.gif                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo150.gif                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo175.gif                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logoLarge.gif                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo64.gif                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo100.gif                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/README                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/iconlist.tcl                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/panedwindow.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/image2.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkmenu.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/form.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/nl.msg                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkbut.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/style.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/bind.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/hello                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/arrow.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkprogress.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/items.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/sayings.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/radio.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/fontchoose.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/floor.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/gray25.xbm                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/flagdown.xbm              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/tcllogo.gif               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/teapot.ppm                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/ouster.png                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/pattern.xbm               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/letters.xbm               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earthmenu.png             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/flagup.xbm                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earthris.gif              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/noletter.xbm              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earth.gif                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/dialog1.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/dialog2.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ixset                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/aniwave.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/vscale.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/widget                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/textpeer.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/knightstour.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/menubu.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/toolbar.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/msgbox.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/search.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/anilabel.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/colors.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkscale.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ruler.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry1.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/combo.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/timer                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/bitmap.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/pendulum.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/filebox.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/paned2.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/rolodex                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/cscroll.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/clrpick.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry2.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/goldberg.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ctext.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/icon.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/plot.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/label.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/check.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/rmt                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry3.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/en.msg                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/mclist.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/image1.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/button.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/states.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tclIndex                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/license.terms                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/puzzle.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/unicodeout.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/paned1.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/spin.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/text.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/labelframe.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttknote.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkpane.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/twind.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tcolor                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/hscale.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tree.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/browse                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/README                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/menu.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tkfbox.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgbox.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/xmfbox.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/nl.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/ru.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/eo.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/sv.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/hu.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/el.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/pl.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/en_gb.msg                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/da.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/es.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/en.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/it.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/fr.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/cs.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/fi.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/pt.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/zh_cn.msg                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/de.msg                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tk.tcl                                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/dialog.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/icons.tcl                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/clrpick.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/megawidget.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/unsupported.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/mkpsenc.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/comdlg.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/button.tcl                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tclIndex                               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tkAppInit.c                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/scrlbar.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/text.tcl                               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/entry.tcl                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/pkgIndex.tcl                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/clamTheme.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/utils.tcl                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/cursors.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/spinbox.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/scale.tcl                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/classicTheme.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/panedwindow.tcl                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/vistaTheme.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/menubutton.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/defaults.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/scrollbar.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/xpTheme.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/notebook.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/treeview.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/combobox.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/button.tcl                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/ttk.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/progress.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/entry.tcl                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/aquaTheme.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/winTheme.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/fonts.tcl                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/altTheme.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/sizegrip.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/optMenu.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/bgerror.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/listbox.tcl                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/menu.tcl                               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetVRootGeometry.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeBitmapFromObj.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetMinimumRequestSize.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsTopLevel.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IntersectTextLayout.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfImage.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetReliefFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasEventuallyRedraw.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Y.3.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ParseArgv.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeSavedOptions.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOptionInfo.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfFont.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SafeInit.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PreserveColormap.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestackWindow.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoGetImage.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MapWindow.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetRelief.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeXId.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetGC.3.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Name.3.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DBorderColor.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FontId.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ComputeTextLayout.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowVisual.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeFontFromObj.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PackBox.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnderlineTextLayout.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateWindow.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PostscriptFontName.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfColor.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteGenericHandler.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_X.3.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_StickBox.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_CreateTheme.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitStubs.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetAppName.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOf3DBorder.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorderWidth.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_QueueWindowEvent.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateOptionTable.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_BoxContains.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeCursorFromObj.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteEventHandler.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Height.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FindPhoto.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteImage.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImageModelData.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_TextWidth.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureWidget.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_MakeBox.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Init.3.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsBitmap.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoExpand.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAllBindings.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Free3DBorder.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsContainer.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ScreenNumber.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Uid.3.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CollapseMotionEvents.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ResizeWindow.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasGetCoord.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GeometryRequest.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasDrawableCoords.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DistanceToTextLayout.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScrollInfoObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Depth.3.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawFocusHighlight.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Interp.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_ExpandBox.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Colormap.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetOptions.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateClientMessageHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PadBox.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsColor.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_WindowId.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitConsoleChannels.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocBitmapFromObj.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Parent.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoSetSize.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfCursor.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameToWindow.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_TextLayoutToPostscript.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeBitmap.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJustifyFromObj.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetItemTypes.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfBitmap.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Alloc3DBorderFromObj.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteOptionTable.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateImageType.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_OwnSelection.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoPutBlock.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOptionValue.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_MakePadding.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureInfo.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetUserInactiveTime.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PlaceBox.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColor.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorder.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetCurrentTheme.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoBlank.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CharBbox.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorderPixmap.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScrollInfo.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UndefineCursor.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ManageGeometry.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetNumMainWindows.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetDefaultTheme.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetInternalBorder.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Grab.3.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_UniformPadding.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DVerticalBevel.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Screen.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeConfigOptions.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_AddPadding.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateSelHandler.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixmap.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursorFromData.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Get3DBorderFromObj.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateEventHandler.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColormap.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PointToChar.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfCapStyle.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MaintainGeometry.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveWindow.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Offset.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Class.3.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFont.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsFont.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderLeft.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetUid.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitOptions.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursorFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBitmapFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBitmap.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RedrawImage.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveToplevelWindow.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImageMasterData.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBackground.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AttachHWND.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfJustify.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetTheme.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetClassProcs.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateBinding.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixelsFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnmapWindow.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteErrorHandler.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClearSelection.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetVisual.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestoreSavedOptions.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJoinStyle.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Attributes.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetHINSTANCE.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Fill3DPolygon.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetBorderFromObj.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MainLoop.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAnchor.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocCursorFromObj.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeCursor.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ReqWidth.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScreenMM.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderRight.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_HandleEvent.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveResizeWindow.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeOptions.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnsetGrid.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_BindEvent.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTextInfo.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DefineCursor.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetStickyFromObj.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DisplayName.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetGrid.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColorFromObj.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateItemType.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasSetStippleOrigin.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTkwin.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MainWindow.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreatePhotoImageFormat.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DBorderGC.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetBackgroundFromBorder.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ReqHeight.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CoordsToWindow.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DHorizontalBevel.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixels.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAnchorFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCapStyle.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MeasureChars.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternAtom.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Main.3.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColormap.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteAllBindings.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ImageChanged.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBinding.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetSelection.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnderlineChars.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnmaintainGeometry.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetHWND.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PathName.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Ungrab.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Visual.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DestroyWindow.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Display.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOption.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Draw3DRectangle.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Width.3.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_HWNDToWindow.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteBindingTable.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SizeOfImage.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoGetSize.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureWindow.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowColormap.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeFont.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IdToWindow.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfRelief.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Free3DBorderFromObj.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasWindowCoords.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawTextLayout.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeGC.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTagsOption.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateBindingTable.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ResetUserInactiveTime.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetDash.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderTop.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MinReqWidth.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoPutZoomedBlock.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColorByValue.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetMMFromObj.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetRootCoords.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestrictEvents.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetClass.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteSelHandler.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/FontId.3.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetInternalBorderEx.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsPath.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawChars.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColor.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColorFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBackgroundPixmap.3.gz tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_StrictMotif.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_RelievePadding.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureValue.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteClientMessageHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImage.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAtomName.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DefineBitmap.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursor.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteBinding.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitImageArgs.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFontFromObj.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Fill3DRectangle.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SizeOfBitmap.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetPaddingFromObj.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MinReqHeight.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClipboardClear.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateWindowFromPath.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/MeasureChar.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeTextLayout.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfJoinStyle.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFontMetrics.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateErrorHandler.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsEmbedded.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJustify.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Get3DBorder.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AddOption.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Draw3DPolygon.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/FindPhoto.3.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsStipple.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsY.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Changes.3.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreePixmap.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetCaretPos.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsMapped.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateGenericHandler.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocFontFromObj.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeImage.3.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocColorFromObj.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClipboardAppend.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderBottom.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MakeWindowExist.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfAnchor.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/wish.1.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/selection.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/wm.n.gz                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/grab.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/message.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pack_old.n.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_combobox.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_entry.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/send.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/canvas.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_checkbutton.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_chooseDirectory.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/toplevel.n.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_chooseColor.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_style.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/lower.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_strictMotif.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/labelframe.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_optionMenu.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/bindtags.n.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/cursors.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/safe_loadTk.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/bind.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk.n.gz                           tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_intro.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_patchLevel.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_library.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_spinbox.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/console.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_menubutton.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_scale.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/scrollbar.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/place.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_label.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_progressbar.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_frame.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_mac.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_dialog.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusFollowsMouse.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_separator.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_vsapi.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_image.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/menubutton.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/event.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_panedwindow.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/panedwindow.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/listbox.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/button.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/photo.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/entry.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/busy.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/fontchooser.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/raise.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusPrev.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_bisque.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_radiobutton.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/scale.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_bindForTraversal.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/geometry.n.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/bitmap.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/menu.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_setPalette.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/clipboard.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/keysyms.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_version.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/label.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_button.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/destroy.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_widget.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_menuBar.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_sizegrip.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/focus.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_scrollbar.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/image.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_messageBox.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/radiobutton.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/option.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textPaste.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_getOpenFile.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tkwait.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/checkbutton.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tkerror.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/winfo.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/font.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_notebook.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_treeview.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textCut.n.gz                   tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusNext.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/bell.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_labelframe.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/frame.n.gz                        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/text.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/spinbox.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_popup.n.gz                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/pack.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/grid.n.gz                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_getSaveFile.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_menuSetFocus.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textCopy.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/colors.n.gz                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/mann/options.n.gz                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tk/license.terms                       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkMenu.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkArray.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkDList.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkColor.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkCanvas.h            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkUndo.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntPlatDecls.h      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tk.h                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkBusy.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkSelect.h            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntDecls.h          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkButton.h            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/default.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkFont.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkImgPhoto.h          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tk3d.h                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkPlatDecls.h         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkMenubutton.h        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkText.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkDecls.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkPort.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntXlibDecls.h      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ks_names.h            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkFileFilter.h        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkScrollbar.h         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkScale.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkDecls.h        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkManager.h      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkThemeInt.h     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkWidget.h       tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkTheme.h        tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkInt.h               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkEntry.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixPort.h             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixDefault.h          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixInt.h              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/compat/unistd.h               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk-private/compat/stdlib.h               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkUnixPort.h                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ttkDecls.h                               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkIntPlatDecls.h                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tk.h                                     tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkUnixDefault.h                          tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkIntDecls.h                             tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkPlatDecls.h                            tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkUnixInt.h                              tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkDecls.h                                tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkPort.h                                 tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkIntXlibDecls.h                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/ttkTheme.h                               tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/tkInt.h                                  tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/wish8.6                                      tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/wish                                         tk
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/var/service/tor/run                              tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/var/service/tor/log/run                          tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/var/service/tor/down                             tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/tor/torrc                                    tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/tor/geoip6                                 tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/tor/geoip                                  tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor-print-ed-signing-cert.1.gz    tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/torify.1.gz                       tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor-resolve.1.gz                  tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor.1.gz                          tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/tor-gencert.1.gz                  tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tor/torify.html                        tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor.html                           tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tor/LICENSE                            tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor-gencert.html                   tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor-resolve.html                   tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/tor/tor-print-ed-signing-cert.html     tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tor                                          tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tor-print-ed-signing-cert                    tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tor-resolve                                  tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/tor-gencert                                  tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/torify                                       tor
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libunbound.la                                unbound-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libunbound.a                                 unbound-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libunbound.so                                unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libunbound.pc                      unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/unbound/unbound.conf                         unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-control.8.gz              unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-anchor.8.gz               unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound.8.gz                      unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-checkconf.8.gz            unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-control-setup.8.gz        unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/unbound.conf.5.gz                 unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_set_option.3.gz            unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_delete.3.gz                unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_fd.3.gz                        unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_add_ta.3.gz                unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_wait.3.gz                      unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_set_fwd.3.gz               unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_resolvconf.3.gz            unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve_async.3.gz             unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx.3.gz                       unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_debugout.3.gz              unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_data_remove.3.gz           unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_cancel.3.gz                    unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_result.3.gz                    unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_get_option.3.gz            unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_add_ta_file.3.gz           unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_async.3.gz                 unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_print_local_zones.3.gz     unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_create.3.gz                unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_config.3.gz                unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_trustedkeys.3.gz           unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_hosts.3.gz                 unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/libunbound.3.gz                   unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_data_add.3.gz              unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_debuglevel.3.gz            unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve.3.gz                   unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_zone_add.3.gz              unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_poll.3.gz                      unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_process.3.gz                   unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_zone_remove.3.gz           unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_strerror.3.gz                  unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve_free.3.gz              unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unbound-host.1.gz                 unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/unbound/LICENSE                        unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unbound.h                                unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/unbound-event.h                          unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unbound                                      unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unbound-host                                 unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unbound-control                              unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unbound-checkconf                            unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unbound-anchor                               unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unbound-control-setup                        unbound
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/funzip.1.gz                       unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzipsfx.1.gz                     unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zipgrep.1.gz                      unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zipinfo.1.gz                      unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzip.1.gz                        unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/unzip/LICENSE                          unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zipinfo                                      unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unzip                                        unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unzipsfx                                     unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/funzip                                       unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zipgrep                                      unzip
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libutf8proc.a                                utf8proc-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libutf8proc.so                               utf8proc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libutf8proc.so.2.6.0                         utf8proc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libutf8proc.pc                     utf8proc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libutf8proc.so.2                             utf8proc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/utf8proc/LICENSE                       utf8proc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/utf8proc.h                               utf8proc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmount.la                                  util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libmount.a                                   util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.la                              util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libblkid.la                                  util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libuuid.la                                   util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.a                                   util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libuuid.a                                    util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.a                               util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libblkid.a                                   util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.la                                  util-linux-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.8.gz                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.bfs.8.gz                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/readprofile.8.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.cramfs.8.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/rtcwake.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/resizepart.8.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsfreeze.8.gz                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/ldattach.8.gz                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/blockdev.8.gz                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/linux64.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.minix.8.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/zramctl.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/hwclock.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.minix.8.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/chcpu.8.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/setarch.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/wdctl.8.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/ctrlaltdel.8.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/isosize.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/linux32.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsns.8.gz                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/delpart.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/uname26.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.cramfs.8.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/addpart.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/losetup.8.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/terminal-colors.d.5.gz            util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/adjtime_config.5.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man5/fstab.5.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/dmesg.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/look.1.gz                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/whereis.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/script.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsfd.1.gz                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/prlimit.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/choom.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/flock.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/fincore.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/fallocate.1.gz                    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/irqtop.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/renice.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsirq.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/scriptlive.1.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lscpu.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/rename.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/setpriv.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unshare.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/taskset.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsipc.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/mcookie.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ionice.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/colcrt.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/uclampset.1.gz                    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/colrm.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/setterm.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/hardlink.1.gz                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/setsid.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/getopt.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/column.1.gz                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/chrt.1.gz                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/more.1.gz                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/rev.1.gz                          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/cal.1.gz                          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/col.1.gz                          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/nsenter.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/hexdump.1.gz                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/scriptreplay.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/ul.1.gz                           util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/namei.1.gz                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.BSD-3-Clause        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.ISC                 util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/getopt-example.tcsh         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.BSD-4-Clause-UC     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.LGPL-2.1-or-later   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.GPL-3.0-or-later    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.GPL-2.0-or-later    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/getopt-example.bash         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/flock          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/whereis        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/readprofile    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/resizepart     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs           util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cal            util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setterm        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsfreeze       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nsenter        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unshare        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/prlimit        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setpriv        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fallocate      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mcookie        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/losetup        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setsid         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/col            util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lscpu          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chcpu          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blockdev       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scriptreplay   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/irqtop         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.minix     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fincore        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsirq          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rev            util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setarch        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dmesg          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ctrlaltdel     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hexdump        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/getopt         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scriptlive     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.bfs       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/renice         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck.minix     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colrm          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hwclock        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck.cramfs    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chrt           util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/script         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ul             util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rename         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/delpart        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colcrt         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldattach       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ionice         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uclampset      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wdctl          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/column         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/more           util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.cramfs    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rtcwake        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/addpart        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/namei          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hardlink       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/taskset        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/look           util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsipc          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/isosize        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/zramctl        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/flock                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/whereis                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/choom                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/readprofile                                  util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/resizepart                                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkfs                                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/cal                                          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/setterm                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fsfreeze                                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/nsenter                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unshare                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/prlimit                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/setpriv                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fallocate                                    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mcookie                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/linux32                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/losetup                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/setsid                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/col                                          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lscpu                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chcpu                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/blockdev                                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/scriptreplay                                 util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/irqtop                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkfs.minix                                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fincore                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lsirq                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/rev                                          util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/setarch                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/dmesg                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ctrlaltdel                                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/hexdump                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/getopt                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/scriptlive                                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkfs.bfs                                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/renice                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fsck.minix                                   util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/colrm                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/hwclock                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/fsck.cramfs                                  util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/chrt                                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/script                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ul                                           util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/rename                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uname26                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/delpart                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/colcrt                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ldattach                                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/ionice                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/linux64                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uclampset                                    util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/wdctl                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/column                                       util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lsfd                                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/more                                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/mkfs.cramfs                                  util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/rtcwake                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/addpart                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/namei                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/hardlink                                     util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/taskset                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/look                                         util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lsipc                                        util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/isosize                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zramctl                                      util-linux
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man8/uuidd.8.gz                        uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate.3.gz                uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_time_safe.3.gz      uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_time.3.gz                    uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_clear.3.gz                   uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_time.3.gz           uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_copy.3.gz                    uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_random.3.gz         uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_parse.3.gz                   uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_unparse.3.gz                 uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_is_null.3.gz                 uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid.3.gz                         uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_compare.3.gz                 uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/uuidgen.1.gz                      uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/uuidparse.1.gz                    uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidd          uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidparse      uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidgen        uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uuidd                                        uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uuidparse                                    uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/uuidgen                                      uuid-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/etc/wgetrc                                       wget
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/wget.1.gz                         wget
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/info/wget.info                             wget
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/wget/LICENSE                           wget
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/wget                                         wget
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xsltproc.1.gz                     xsltproc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xsltproc                                     xsltproc
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.a                                  xxhash-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.so.0.8.1                           xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.so.0                               xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libxxhash.pc                       xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libxxhash.so                                 xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxhsum.1.gz                       xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxh64sum.1.gz                     xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxh32sum.1.gz                     xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xxh128sum.1.gz                    xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xxhash/LICENSE.1                       xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/xxhash/LICENSE                         xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xxhash.h                                 xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/xxh3.h                                   xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xxh128sum                                    xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xxh32sum                                     xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xxhsum                                       xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xxh64sum                                     xxhash
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmadec.1.gz                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzcmp.1.gz                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzegrep.1.gz                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzdec.1.gz                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzgrep.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzcmp.1.gz                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmore.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzcat.1.gz                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzma.1.gz                         xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzdiff.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzdiff.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzcat.1.gz                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzless.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xz.1.gz                           xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzfgrep.1.gz                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlzma.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmainfo.1.gz                     xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzfgrep.1.gz                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzless.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzmore.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unxz.1.gz                         xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzgrep.1.gz                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzegrep.1.gz                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzcmp                                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzcat                                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzdec                                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzmore                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzmainfo                                     xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzdiff                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzegrep                                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzmadec                                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzcat                                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzcmp                                        xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzgrep                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzmore                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzdiff                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzegrep                                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzless                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzma                                         xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzfgrep                                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unlzma                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzgrep                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/lzless                                       xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xzfgrep                                      xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unxz                                         xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/xz                                           xz-utils
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libz.a                                       zlib-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1                                    zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libz.so                                      zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/zlib.pc                            zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1.2.13                               zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man3/zlib.3.gz                         zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/zlib/LICENSE                           zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/zlib.h                                   zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/zconf.h                                  zlib
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libzstd.a                                    zstd-static
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so                                   zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so.1                                 zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so.1.5.5                             zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libzstd.pc                         zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstd.1.gz                         zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzstd.1.gz                       zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdcat.1.gz                      zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdless.1.gz                     zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdgrep.1.gz                     zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/share/doc/zstd/LICENSE                           zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/zdict.h                                  zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/zstd_errors.h                            zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/include/zstd.h                                   zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/unzstd                                       zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zstd                                         zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zstdless                                     zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zstdgrep                                     zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zstdcat                                      zstd
data/data/com.altaera/files/usr/bin/zstdmt                                       zstd
